  
Bondada Engineering Limited 
(Formerly known as Bondada Engineering Pvt Ltd) 
Regd. Office:                                                                                                              Corporate Office: 
Plot No-37, Ashok Manoj Nagar,                                                                                 BONDADA HOUSE,  
Kapra, Hyderabad, Telangana-500062,                                                                      C-26, Kushaiguda Industrial Area, 
INDIA                                                                                                                           Kushaiguda, ECIL, Hyderabad,  
                                                                                                               TG-500062 
                                                                                                                              Phone Number: 7207034662 
CIN : L28910TG2012PLC080018 Email : Info@bondada.net, Website : www.bondada.net 
 
Date: May 06th, 2026 
 
The Secretary, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543971 
  
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:  Transcript in respect to the Q4 of FY 2025-26 and FY ended on March 31, 2026 of the Post 
Earnings Conference Call  
Ref:  Disclosure under Regulation 30 and other applicable regulations of SEBI (Listing Obligation 
& Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In accordance with Regulation 30 read with Schedule III and other applicable provisions of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and our letter dated April 23, 
2026 please find the Transcript in respect to the Q4 of FY 2025-26 and FY ended on March  31, 2026 
of the Post Earnings Conference Call held with the Analysts/ Investors/ on April 28, 2026. 
 
The transcript of the conference call can also be accessed at the website of the Company a 
www.bondada.net.  
 
We request you to take the same on your record. 
 
Thank You, 
      For Bondada Engineering Limited 
 
 
 
       Sonia Bidlan 
       CS & Compliance Officer 
       M.No. A37766  
 
 
  
 
Bondada Engineering Limited 
 
Q4 & FY26 
 
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
April 28, 2026 11:00 AM IST 
 
 
Management Team 
 
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada - Chairman and Managing Director 
 CA Satyanarayana Baratam - Director & Chief Financial Officer 
Rear Admiral R Sreenivas, VSM (Retd.) - Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 

Bondada Engineering Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 32 
 
Presentation 
 
Vinay Pandit: Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Kaptify Consulting Investor 
Relations team, I welcome you all to the Q4 and FY26 Post-Earnings 
Conference Call of Bondada Engineering Limited.  
 
Today, on the call from the management team we have with us, Dr. 
Raghavendra Rao Bondada, Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. 
Satyanarayana Baratam, Director and CFO, and Rear Admiral R 
Sreenivas, VSM (Retired), CEO, Bondada Group. 
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward-looking statements, which may involve risk and 
uncertainties. Also, a reminder that this call is being recorded.  
 
I would now request the management to briefly run us through the 
investor presentation for the period ended March 2026, the growth 
perspective and vision for the coming years, post which we will open 
the floor for Q&A. Over to the management team. 
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: Yeah, good morning to all shareholders and Kaptify team. 
Thanks for joining this call to get more updates on last year's 
performance and Q4 updates and future prospects updates as well of 
your company, Bondada Engineering Limited.  
 
Yeah, today's presentation consists of these business overview, the 
future forward and then industry tailwind and then business 
opportunity, then financial performance and the highlights of Q4 as well 
as last whole financial year. 
 
Yeah, most of you all know that actually this Bondada Engineering 
Limited is into the renewable energy, the major business segment and 
then telecom and then railways, Indian railways. And also expanding 
into the  rapidly into the battery energy storage system and data centres 
and even defence and aerospace manufacturing. 
 
So, this is -- the first one is order book, no? The net worth of the 
company is around INR7,325 million -- INR732 crores, and around 7.8 
gigawatt of portfolio in solar, EPC and as well as the BESS is under 
execution. 1.3 gigawatt commissioned so far from the inception and out 
of this 7.8 gigawatt plus 850 megawatt are of BESS is under the BESS 
execution. We have pan-India presence and around 14-plus year of 
excellence. Around 2,500-plus employees that exist in this company. 
 
Bondada Engineering Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 32 
 
ISO 9001 certified, in addition to that actually we have that OSHA and 
even ISO 14,000 certifications are also there. CRISIL A Stable rating 
and a Great Place to Work certified, that is some of the credentials of 
the company. 
 
Yeah, so diversified EPC and O&M in telecom and renewable energy 
and BESS segments. So, we undertake engineering construction 
procurement  engineering procurement construction of the all the 
renewable energy projects and even telecom projects and thereby 
thereafter actually we will also undertake the operational maintenance 
of the projects that we handled. And also we are ventured into the Indian 
railways where actually we are providing the passive infrastructure for 
their Kavach implementation. 
 
We are also into energy conservation products manufacturing and it is 
backed with our EPC contacts with backward integration. 
Manufacturing of all towers and the MMS module mounting structures 
even BLDC motors are there and the LED lights. And we're also into 
green construction products that is uPVC windows and the AAC blocks. 
And going forward actually we are looking for IPP, IPP of around 2 
gigawatt in AP. And also our manufacturing units are spread across in 
two states actually. We want to make that world-class. We want to have 
a world-class manufacturing facility going forward. 
 
Yeah, this is what actually I'm telling actually integrated infrastructure 
across core and emerging sectors that is renewable energy, telecom, 
Indian Railways, battery energy storage system, the data centres, 
manufacturing and also defence and aerospace segments. BESS data 
centre and then defence and aerospace is the upcoming business 
segments for this engineering, Bondada Engineering Limited.  
 
These are the subsidiary structure. We have almost around nine 
subsidiary companies. So, few of them are actually project-based SPVs. 
Otherwise, each company is a statutory body, independently running. 
Bondada Ecobuild. These are the majority of the stake owned by again 
Bondada Engineering Limited. Bondada Ecobuild deals with the green 
construction products. Bondada E&E deals with the LED and solar 
streetlights. Atpole Technologies, deals with BLDC motors. Bondada 
Managed Services deals with operational maintenance services. 
Bondada Green Engineering Private Limited deals with complete 
fabrication of our telecom towers, transmission towers and module 
mounting structures, solar MMS. And Bondada Renewable Energy 
Private Limited deals with the EPC for battery energy storage system 
projects. And GreenBond RE Park Private Limited is our IPP, 2 
Bondada Engineering Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 32 
 
gigawatt which is a project-based SPV. And Bondada Dynamics Private 
Limited deals with our defence and aerospace manufacturing products.  
 
It's a diversified portfolio, technology-driven innovation is there and 
proven execution excellence and sustainability focus, in-house 
manufacturing, strong client relationships, pan-India presence and a 
robust order book is there. We will discuss in detail about the order book 
in the upcoming slides. What is that closure order book and what is that 
actually we have that order book. So we have complete pan-India 
presence. All these I think actually most of these points have separate 
slides. 
 
These are the customer base, major customer base. Top line reflects that 
our telecom customers and then second line is our renewable energy. 
And very near future we are going to have relations with this Coal India 
and then NHPC and then Gujarat Fiber Grid where we have participated 
some of the tenders and we are looking forward for getting the orders 
from these people. 
 
. So this is the growth and expansion of this company. We started way 
back in 2012-13and then subsequently we ventured into a lot of 
manufacturing units and in 2017 we have entered into this solar EPC. 
And 2023 we have gone for public and then we listed on Bombay Stock 
Exchange in 2023. And in fact 2022 we won one of the biggest project 
from BSNL that is 4G saturation. And since then actually we listed. 
2024 we have reported a revenue of around INR801 crores and then 
2025 we have reported revenue of almost around INR1,571 crores and 
now 2026 we have reported INR2,843 crores of revenue which is 
coming almost around last three years if you see that our average CAGR 
is around 90%, 95%. But last 14 years of CAGR is around 53%.  
 
And this financial year more focusing this financial year on this BESS 
implementation, data centres and even defence manufacturing from this 
2026 financial year onwards. And also we want to have integrated 
manufacturing plant in Hyderabad. 
 
So these are the business units. Rear Admiral Sreenivas  is taking care 
of group operations, that is the CEO of the group. Umamaheswara Rao 
takes care of Renewable Energy. MVD Prasad takes care of 
manufacturing units. Pradeep takes care of that RE Park that is IPP. 
Surya Murthy takes care of our telecom business and Chanti Varanasi 
takes care of our Ecobuild and Ravi Guturi is the E&E and then Jagadish 
is our Atpole, takes care of Atpole. 
 
Bondada Engineering Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 32 
 
And all those CEOs are supported by this key management team. These 
are the CTO and Vice President levels.  
 
This is strategic growth and roadmap for this financial year that is 
FY27. So one of the major and important event which is going to come 
up for this company is migrating to main board that is BSE and NSE to 
enhance our market presence and then targeting 1.5 gigawatt of EPC 
commissioning to scale the execution capabilities because 7.8 gigawatt 
of portfolio is there which needs to be commissioned next to 2 to 2.5 
years. Out of that actually around 1.5 gigawatt of peak which we are 
targeting to complete as per the budgeted timelines. And the 
establishment of an integrated world-class manufacturing facility to 
combine all our products in one place and as well as actually need to 
have enhance the volumes and the need to have with the world-class 
facilities. The company has already identified the land parcel for this 
facility which we are going to start soon.  
 
We have been talking this Vision 2030 quite some time back actually. 
So we have the target of 25-gigawatt renewable energy capacity to be 
achieved by 2030. So this is out of our RE mission -- by of Government 
of India's RE mission of around 500 gigawatt renewable energy. These 
25 gigawatts again further divided into 16 gigawatts of solar and around 
9 gigawatts of BESS both go and even EPC, EPC scope. And strengthen 
our telecom leadership for Digital Bharat and 5G expansion. And this 
year we are expecting 5G expansion by all the private operators as well 
as the BSNL also, as a lot of trust is there and 5G expansion by 
providing both new towers as well as the fibre to the last mile 
connectivity. So wherein which we are looking reasonably good 
business in this segment also.  
 
And Kavach is now picking up actually. That safety railway rail safety 
project Kavach and for that actually we are providing passive 
infrastructure alongside of their railway tracks. Our job is to provide the 
communication towers across railway tracks and then connecting those 
towers and railway stations and then locomotives with fibre so that 
actually Kavach can be installed and then Kavach can enable its 
functioning. So a lot of tenders are coming across railway zones and 
railway lines of this tender. The first tender we won for this South 
Central Railway and many tenders we are participating which are under 
evaluation.  
 
So scaling up of data centres, we because of our telecom experience and 
renewable experience and having our own IPP power plants. So getting 
into the data centres infrastructure is a very easy task for us actually. 
Bondada Engineering Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 32 
 
That's the reason actually we ventured into the data centres and already 
as you all know that actually we have a MOU with the UK-based 
company that Bryanston, where their scope is that they will find out the 
data centres  hyperscalers data centres operators and wherein which we 
our scope is actually creating infrastructure and giving to the 
hyperscalers. 
 
As a part of it actually we are working on two facilities, two data 
centres. One is in Hyderabad and one is in Vizag. And this revenues 
from these data centres also will add from this financial area onwards.  
 
So expanding into defence and then defence and aerospace segments, 
national self-reliance as you all know that actually the huge trust is there 
from government of India having this defence manufacturing not only 
for in India but even to supply even global, and which we are looking 
at the very  two, three very niche products that system integration and 
then subsystem integrations which we are targeting and we are going to 
supply these systems to the all DPSUs and even Indian defence as well 
as  Indian defence and even export also. 
 
So this is about the battery energy storage system. This is actually last 
year we have conceived this concept, battery energy storage system. 
There's a huge, huge discussions are going on in India that battery 
energy storage system has huge potential because of our grid stability 
and then peak power -- to manage the peak power demands. We already 
packed around 850 megawatt of our orders from both Tamil Nadu and 
AP state and many tenders are in the pipeline. These are the annuity-
based contracts which we have to install this BESS container solutions 
at their existing substations and which we have to install it and then 
from next 12 years we will get the annuity-based revenue from these 
BESS plants. 
 
So data centres as I already explained this is the creation of data centres 
for the hyperscalers and provide -- by providing the fibre network as 
well as the green energy solutions for their cooling and even power 24 
by 7, round the clock power requirements. Not only just limiting to 
these two activities we are also working on actually finalize the  finding 
out the strategies spaces, strategic locations for these data centres  
 
 
This is again another new segment that is defence sector, entry into this 
aerospace and UAVs and then a lot of naval subsystems and even 
airframes sub systems that we are very seriously working on it and even 
actually in fact we are also looking at inorganic growth of even merging 
Bondada Engineering Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 32 
 
the small companies which are already there in this space and where 
they need some push on actually expanding their this thing and which 
we have been making due diligence of the two companies and we would 
like to take over majority stake in those two companies. With that 
actually we can scale up in this defence and aerospace segment. 
 
This is these numbers I think most of you know that actually when you 
see that last year that is 2024, 2025, last year numbers you see that total 
peak demand, the power demand was around 240 gigawatts but whereas 
expected to rise this power demand by 690 to 700 gigawatt by 2036. 
This is one target which is which is giving us a huge potential for next 
10 years. Even other than this actually also the 500 megawatt of 
renewable energy target by 2030 that is there and even battery energy 
storage is there in India. So I think there's no problem in this segment. 
Solar, Wind battery energy storage and Pump storage and associated lot 
of other product manufacturing, even green hydrogen, so many things 
are here in this segment.  
 
I think we are well positioned in this and actually we continue to excel 
and continue to perform even on future projections and projects of this 
power segment especially in renewable energy. 
 
These are the some of the numbers actually. They have as per industry 
India energy transition from solar plus BESS opportunities for this 
thing.  
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: So good morning, once again to everyone. And good morning Vinay 
and team. The financial highlights we would like to give you some 
information on the finances. So we are back up with the strong order 
book and order book in pipeline. In terms of the total order book we are 
sitting on INR7,147 crores of order book as of 31 March 2026. 
 
Majority share is coming from again renewable energy with almost kind 
of INR4,536 crores which is close to 65% and then followed by BESS 
about INR1,463 crores of two major projects. 
 
And then followed by Indian Railways and products and Defence. In 
terms of order book for the AP, 2 gigawatt AP projects we are having 
INR9,000 crores of order which is in pipeline now. Land pooling. 
 
 
So this is the one of a geographical order book allocation. If you see this 
overall INR7,147 crores of breakup. The majority is in Maharashtra, 
Gujarat, Tamil Nadu and Rajasthan AP and then followed by 
Bondada Engineering Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 32 
 
Telangana, Uttar Pradesh and Karnataka and then followed by Kerala, 
Bihar. Basically we are in Renewable Energy, Telecom, Railways and 
Products with PAN India presence. This is more of renewable energy 
project. We have a very big state and what is the portfolio we are 
having. You see in this Rajasthan we have almost a kind of 1,134 
megawatt which is projects are under execution.  
 
In Rajasthan we are having NLC and NTPC as our customers and in 
Gujarat if you see it's almost a kind of 1,800-megawatt peak in capacity. 
In Gujarat we are having -- we are working with the Adani's NLC and 
even the KP Group. And in Maharashtra if you see we are almost 
executing a 568 megawatt peak DC capacity. In the Maharashtra we are 
majorly working with MAHAGENCO. And also we have one client, 
private client by name of PMK. So we are almost working one for 142 
megawatts. 
 
And in terms of Telangana we are working for Singareni Collieries, 
which is under execution. It's almost completed now. So we will be 
completing this project mostly next month or two weeks. 
 
Uttar Pradesh we are having a project with NTPC which is about 435 
megawatt peak and are expected in Uttar Pradesh to have same clients. 
 
And in AP Telangana, AP and Tamil Nadu we have a battery energy 
storage system projects which we are working for the government and 
these two are under execution at this point. So these are the key 
highlights of last year financial year 2025-2026. So from existing 
sectors, if you see it is our solar EPC we have commissioned almost a 
half gigawatt of projects and this year we are targeting almost a kind of 
one and a half gigawatt of projects to get commissioned. 
 
And accumulative commissioned as of 31 March, 2026 if you see it's 
close to 1.3 gigawatt peak and if we complete 1.5 gigawatt in this year 
so by end of this year we will be having almost commissioned projects 
of 3 gigawatts. And in terms of telecom if you see we have BSNL 
towers installed as of now about 1,536 numbers and on-air which means 
which is getting radiated is about 1,506 numbers. It's almost 99% strike 
rate. 
 
And in terms of emerging sectors we are now seriously focusing on 
battery energy storage systems wherein we have already had two 
projects and we have transferred in three tenders as of now which are 
yet to open the tenders. And a lot of efforts are going for this BESS in 
terms of both BOO model as well as in EPC model.  
Bondada Engineering Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 32 
 
 
In terms of data centres we had one MOU with Bryanston based out of 
Dubai. And one implement is currently happening. We will be 
informing you very soon about the assignment.  
 
Vinay Pandit: Sir, shall we shall we move to the Q&A sir? 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Moderator:  We'll take the first question from Randhir Singh. Randhir, you can go 
ahead please.  
 
Randhir Singh: I have three questions, sir. What will be the revenue guidance in FY27 
over FY26? And can our net profit margin increase in FY27? And if it 
can why would it increase? I want to know these three things. 
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: So Randhirji, I think you have seen the order book, around 
INR7,200 crore is there in existing and… 
 
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: Yeah. Randhirji actually if you have seen that our 
presentation, our order book is standing at around INR7,150 crores are 
there which we have to deliver in next 18 to 20 months time. So that is 
one thing and even ongoing orders are there which are going to add to 
our order book. So having said this, maybe anything around 60% to 
70% of revenue growth will be there even coming financial year. And 
most of these contracts are long-term contracts. And this profitability is 
going to be almost in terms of percentage is going to be the same or in 
terms of absolute number and you see that this is same almost around 
there also around 60% to 70% growth is going to be there in the from 
last financial year.  
 
Randhir Singh: Sir, the order book is with you. So can you tell us how much can the net 
profit margin can increase this year? 
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: That's what I'm telling, actually this year, you have seen that 
our net profit is around INR211 crores so. On that around 60% to 70% 
growth will be there as an absolute amount.  
 
Randhir Singh: 50% to 60% growth on the bottom line?  
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: Yeah, bottom line. 
 
Randhir Singh: Thank you sir. If I want to ask more questions I will ask them later. 
Bondada Engineering Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 32 
 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take the next question from Nishita. Nishita you can 
go ahead please. 
 
Nishita Shanklesha: Yeah. So sir you mentioned that we also have ongoing orders. So if you 
can let us know what is the current order book pipeline? 
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: Yeah. So in addition to the existing order book of around 
INR7,150 crores order book, and anytime actually which we are tender's 
participation is around INR25,000 crores to INR30,000 crores but our 
win rate is around 20%, 25%. But currently we are almost sitting on 
around INR2,850 crores orders L1 which we are going to get in the first 
quarter.  
 
Nishita Shanklesha: Okay. So INR2,850 crore of L1 orders and any time we participate in 
INR25,000 crores to INR30,000 crore of order book, right?  
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: Yeah.  
 
Nishita Shanklesha: And the win rate is around 25% to 30%.  
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: You're right.  
 
Nishita Shanklesha: Right. And my next question is on the new facility if you can like let us 
know more about the -- you mentioned that you already have the land 
parcel for that. So when are we going to like start the construction on 
the facility and what is the facility going to be used for?  
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: Yeah. So this facility is primarily to integrate all our 
manufacturing units that is renewable energy products that is MMS 
structures, even transmission towers, even our battery energy storage 
system facility with new technology that is vanadium technology. So 
we have already identified around 27 acres nearby Hyderabad and this 
plant construction will start anytime in the second quarter of this 
financial year. 
 
Nishita Shanklesha: Okay. And what will be the total Capex for that?  
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: Sorry?  
 
Nishita Shanklesha: What will be the total Capex for this new facility? 
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: So the Capex would be around INR120 crores to INR130 
crores.  
Bondada Engineering Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 32 
 
 
Nishita Shanklesha: INR122 crores.  
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: Including cost of land. 
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: Yeah, Including cost of land.  
 
Nishita Shanklesha: INR122 crores right? 
 
Satyanarayana Baratam:  Yeah INR120 crores to INR130 crores, in between.  
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: INR120 crores to INR130 crores. 
 
Nishita Shanklesha: Okay, okay, understood. And like what is the increment revenue that 
we can get from this facility? 
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: So whatever that actually we have projected for this financial 
year and even going forward for next five, six years it will caters those 
revenues. When you see this actually our existing business versus even 
new initiatives that we are doing that we are thinking for next four five 
years, that ratio of that revenue add, that revenue constitution is almost 
around 30%. So for that reason actually this plant will now make 
advantage for us in in future.  
 
Nishita Shanklesha: Okay, okay, understood. And when will we commission this plant?  
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: It takes one year, Nishita.  
 
Nishita Shanklesha: One year. So we'll expect any incremental revenue from this facility in 
FY28?  
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: Not required. We already plotted that this financial year 
numbers without this plant. This is for the future  
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: Yeah, next year onwards there is going to be some incremental 
revenue registered.  
 
Nishita Shanklesha: Okay, okay, yeah.  
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: That is already in our business model.  
 
Nishita Shanklesha: Okay. Thank you so much. 
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: Thank you. Thank you.  
Bondada Engineering Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 32 
 
 
Moderator: We'll take the question.  we'll take the question from Mr. Prem Kumar. 
Mr. Prem Kumar you can unmute and go ahead please.  
 
Prem Kumar: Yes sir. Sir, congratulations on the great year sir. So we hope same 
would continue. Sir, my question is on one of the biggest orders for you 
that is from Adani, around INR1050 crores which was disclosed in the 
earlier presentation as well. Just wanted to check on the status of the 
project sir whether the specific of the project sir, whether the land has 
been allocated? What exactly is happening? Supply has started? All 
those things sir. And also I want to highlight sir, this presentation was 
not shared to on BSE website sir. Maybe after this call.  
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: Shared just 30 minutes before.  
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: It is shared. You can you can now check and actually you can 
download it now. It is already shared.  
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: We already shared that presentation in BSE you can check it 
and verify. That is number one. Number two is Adani order which we 
have received a few months back that is already under execution 
because actually after having the land and after having the connectivity 
only Adani is allotting the project to allotted the project to us. And this 
is in midway. This plant needs to be commissioned by next March. So 
already I think we have executed around 20% even few crores, I think 
almost around INR70 crores, INR80 crores even billing is also billing 
is also done with Adani. It is under full swing. It is under in under 
construction under WIP and which we are in fact as of now actually 
which we are little ahead of timelines of this project.  
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Mr. Moiz Khan. 
Mr. Moiz, you can unmute and go ahead please.  
 
Moiz Khan: Hello. Good morning. Sir, as till last year our target for 2030 was to 
achieve 10 gigawatts of capacity, and last year we upgraded to 25 
gigawatts. So initially our target revenue for 2030 was $1 billion. So 
like are we going to expect any additional revenue as well because the 
target expanded by 1.25 times. So can we expect similar revenue 
expansion by 2030 as well? 
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: No, I think $1 billion revenue in commensuration with 25 
gigawatt only, because in 25 gigawatt most of the orders are coming 
from EPC. EPC segment that is also BOS. I think $1 billion, $1 billion 
revenue in in commensuration with 25 gigawatt of target only. 
Bondada Engineering Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 32 
 
 
Moiz Khan: Okay. And sir, we got the Adani order I think in the month of August 
last year. So are we expecting any follow-up orders? So I read in the 
news that Adani is also expanding massively in BESS segment. So are 
we expecting any orders in that as well?  
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: Yeah. This is actually -- once it is commissioned or the first 
order actually immediately they are going to give and now we are 
already discussing with one more follow-up order, actually repeated 
order. And Adani orders are going to come for next to three to four years 
continuously. 
 
Moiz Khan: Also sir, in revenue our guidance was to achieve around to INR3,100 
crores to INR3,200 crores but we ended up with INR2,800 crores 
something. So like in which segment we lack to I think we projecting 
100% revenue growth but I think we ended up achieving 80%. 
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: So I think Moiz, maybe that is your assumptions. We've 
never given INR3,100 crores, INR3,200, very specific  
 
Moiz Khan: Like you are expecting 100% growth, like year-on-year. 
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: We are always giving around 80% to 90% growth but almost 
all the segments have actually performed well this financial year. 
 
Rear Admiral R Sreenivas: 100% is generally the expectations from the well-wishers like you 
Moiz. 
 
Moiz Khan: Thank you sir. Sir, next year are we expecting like around 80% or it's 
going to be lower? 
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: Yeah maybe around 70%.  
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: 60% to 70% can be expected for this year. 
 
Moiz Khan: Okay sir. Thank you very much, sir.  
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: Thank you.  
 
Moderator: Thank you, Mr. Moiz. We'll take the next question from the line of 
Urmish Shah. Urmish, you can unmute and go ahead please. 
 
 
Bondada Engineering Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 32 
 
Urmish Shah: Sir, thank you for the opportunity. My first question is on the data 
centres. Could you just throw some light on the MOU with Bryanston 
Inc., what is the revenue potential are we seeing and how does the 
margin profile look for particularly data centres?  
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: Yeah so with Bryanston I think, during call during the 
presentation I already explained with Bryanston, our MOU says that 
actually Bryanston brings the data centre, hyperscale -- hyperscaler 
operators and we here setting up the data centre, and handing over to 
them, including both connectivity and power connectivity as well as the 
communication connectivity with a fibre network and having a strategic 
play  a strategic location and even making the shell of this data centres.  
 
So one assignment is already on right now. And this revenues from this 
data centres around 7% to 8% of our total revenue will be constituting 
this financial year around 7% to 8% of revenue from data centre will 
constitute in this financial year. And coming back to the EBITDAs as 
of now anything that takes EBITDA of around 14% to 15% we are 
looking forward for this data centres. 
 
Urmish Shah: Okay, and that will be the run rate going forward also?  
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: Yeah, yeah.  
 
Urmish Shah: Okay, okay. Sir, the next question is on defence. What was the rationale 
behind entering the defence sector? I do understand it's an emerging 
sector, it's an evergreen sector that way. But why are we focusing -- 
diversifying into defence rather than focusing more on data centres and 
our core expertise? 
 
Rear Admiral R Sreenivas: Yeah, yeah that's a good question Mr. Urmish. We right now are like 
ratio between the EPC contracts and the products is about 90% to 10%, 
which we would like to upgrade towards products with the ratio of 70% 
to 30%. So in the products, because the best, the product array that you 
can have is from the defence where your margins can be higher. And 
plus we also were actually keenly looking at intellectualize our products 
rather than being in the regular, like exclusivity products to a few 
exclusive intellectual property based like products.  
 
So that is like defence fits in that particular aspiration of ours very well 
and that's the reason for like getting into defence.  
 
Urmish Shah: But sir, those as I see in your presentation that you mentioned critical 
components. Could you just give some more color on what type of 
Bondada Engineering Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 32 
 
components are those and whether it will be a low value high margin? 
Is that the way we should look at it?  
 
Rear Admiral R Sreenivas: Yeah, yeah. To start with these ones will be medium value and then 
like larger numbers which are our first order that we bagged was 
actually a missile component for the prototypes we have supplied. On 
successful completion of the trials we will be getting multiple orders for 
this for this like regular production. So that like value of that component 
is a very high precision, medium value item that is. Or typically if you 
do an ABC analysis of course it comes under Class C category C kind 
of a thing and we will be slowly graduating to higher categories of 
products.  
 
Urmish Shah: Right. Sir, one final question before I join back this quarter we have 
seen a slight dip in the margins. Could you just throw some more light 
on it, what was the reason?  
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: No, but if you look at annually it is actually higher.  
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: It is increased but… 
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: Cumulatively if you see…  
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: Specific -- specific…  
 
Urmish Shah: We do see that sir. But if I see Y-o-Y also, it or sorry Q-o-Q it's been a 
slight dip. So I just wanted to know if there was some particular reason 
for that or…. 
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: Yeah, there are two major reasons, Urmishji. One is in the last 
quarter actually we have booked some low margin projects billing in 
this fourth quarter. And second reason being there is a little increase in 
the material cost particularly in terms of renewable energy. Steel and 
cable prices gone up little higher. So because of that also there is a little 
increase in the cost of material.  
 
These two actually ended up in a little dip in this last quarter 
profitability but if you see in the overall revenue of the overall profit of 
the year it is absolutely, -- it is increased by almost a kind of 30 basis 
points. Last year we were at 7.2% percent and this year we were at 7.5% 
close to. 
 
Urmish Shah: Right. Okay sir. I'll join back for further questions. Thank you.  
 
Bondada Engineering Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 32 
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator:  Thank you. We'll take uh one question from chat from Mr. Ayush 
Sharma. So he says how are we generating INR200 crores in revenue 
from INR120 crores of plant and equipment and also receivables as a 
percentage of revenue still remains elevated at nearly 27% to 28% of 
revenue. Do you still see the same trend continuing?  
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: Yeah, in terms of receivables answering to the second question, 
27%, 28% of overall revenue in receivables is very quite common in 
any EPC company. In fact it is better actually. Generally for any EPC 
company in that industry it is ranging from 30% to 35%. So we are 
managing very well in terms of working capital management. That too 
if you see on the numbers we are operating cash flow. We are positive 
by INR125 crores.  
 
And in terms of net debt also if you see as of 31 March, 2026 the 
company is hardly having any debt. Only in terms of classification we 
are showing some debt on balance sheet but otherwise if you net it off 
we are still having cash surplus of about INR100 crores. After netting 
of all the debt still the company is sitting on INR100 crores of cash, 
cash positive. So that way that way we manage the working capital very 
well.  
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: The first question actually that INR120 crores investment 
INR200 crores, we don't we don't understand…  
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: No, no, actually what they're asking is this integrated plant we told 
INR120 crores of investment but we never committed on the INR200 
crores of revenue.  
 
Rear Admiral R Sreenivas: Even if you look at that like today's BGPL annual sales is about 
INR200 crores.  
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: Correct.  
 
Rear Admiral R Sreenivas: This BGPL is going to be possibly about one-third of the new 
integrated plan even if you just go on then replicate the same existing 
trend it's going to be around INR200-plus crores.  
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: INR600-plus crores.  
 
Rear Admiral R Sreenivas: Yeah 
 
Bondada Engineering Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 32 
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: threefold 
 
 
Rear Admiral R Sreenivas: Even if you just do this part alone it's going to be at least around 
INR200 crores.  
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: Correct. 
 
Rear Admiral R Sreenivas: But there are other -- there are a lot of upgrades that we are looking 
at, we are adding additional facilities also to manufacture high precision 
items even for defence and then also if you look at the new the battery 
technologies that we are you know foraying into, all those like high 
precision like reactors for these best plans of like newer technologies 
all those things are going to be manufactured in this facility.  
 
So possibly you would have brought in the INR200 crores from the 
present BGPL or this fabrication plant that we have, that revenue? Am 
I right?  
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: But otherwise with this INR120 crores of yeah he's in charge  with 
this INR120 crores of capital investment to give you a single answer it's 
it can generate up to INR1,500 to INR1,800 crores of revenue per 
annum.  
 
Rear Admiral R Sreenivas: Yeah going forward.  
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: Going forward, going forwards. I hope, we clarified that point?  
 
Moderator: Yeah. Thank you, sir. We'll take the next question from the line of Mr 
Ayush Sharaf. Mr. Ayush, you can unmute and go ahead please. Mr. 
Ayush. 
 
Ayush Sharaf: Good morning, and congratulations on the results. I just had a question 
on the current liabilities. The current liabilities of yours, I think jumped 
from INR171 crores to about INR501 crores, which is about an INR330 
crore increase. Can you confirm how much of this is customer advances 
and from which specific projects? And obviously as you execute against 
these advances in the next year, and receivables from those same 
projects accumulate before the final payment, your gross working 
capital requirement will expand significantly. So like what's your peak 
working capital requirement in come about the next year, and how are 
you funding it, whether it's advances, bank lines, internal accruals? And 
also the average collection period from a PSU clients like NLC, NTPC. 
Bondada Engineering Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 32 
 
How is that changing and how is that going to be over the next 12 
months?  
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: Okay. So we'll -- I think you have three questions. We'll clarify one 
by one. One, on the other current liabilities we have two major 
components. One is advances from customers. We as of 31 March, 2026 
we have advances from customers to the tune of INR 150 crores which 
is a component of this INR 500 crore. And the second one is actually 
we have started using this In audible TReDS facility to fund some of 
the MSME payments, MSME suppliers and vendor payments. So 
because of these two things actually it got shot up from INR 170 crore 
to INR 500 crores. 
 
Both are actually particularly for working capital management, and both 
are giving a better result in terms of fund cost management. That’s your 
point number one. And can you please tell me the second point? I did 
not get the second point for you.  
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: That's how we are going to manage our working capital, 
working capital cycle.  
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: Okay. That is on the working capital cycle. And third point, what 
you have asked is on the collections from the public sector, like NTPS 
and NLC. As of now, our experiences, we are getting very good 
payments from these PSU companies. Not only NLC and NTPS, even 
from Singarani Collieries, even from MAHAGENCO. We are 
managing the working capital of about 85 to 90 days with these 
companies. And we are sure that we will be continuing the same 
working capital cycle even for the PSU companies. We are not seeing 
any kind of challenges at this point of time.  
 
Ayush Sharaf: Got it?  
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: In fact in the last quarter, major collections we have achieved from 
NLC, NTPC and Adanis. So that way we are comfortable Ayushji. 
 
Ayush Sharaf: Okay. Okay, great. I just have one more question on the AP 2 gigawatt 
IPP project that kind of is worth like INR 9,000 crores which has been 
disclosed but excluded from the official order book. So is this order 
confirmed or contingent? And if it’s confirmed then what’s the equity 
capital that Bondada needs to deploy to execute it? Because if it requires 
like a QIP or a rights issue then I guess we’ll need to understand that 
dilution risk. 
 
Bondada Engineering Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 32 
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: Yeah, Ayush. It is a confirmed order book for sure. It is INR 9,000 
crores of order book is confirmed. It is on hand at this point of time. But 
why we have not included in the INR 7,100 crore is because it is 
separately seen as an SPV. This is a special purpose vehicle for which 
we need to install 2 gigawatt of plant. And since it is already on hand, 
we are showing it separately. That’s your point number one.  
 
And coming to second point, equity infusion in this project, it will 
happen in a phased manner. It will not happen in one go. So out of this 
2,000 gigawatt we have a timeline of almost two -- three to four years 
of time. 
 
Ayush Sharaf: Okay.  
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: So our idea is to start with once we pool the land and get the 
connectivity, we will be installing a 250 megawatt of plant to start with. 
Once we complete that, then we will be adding another 500 megawatt. 
Likewise, over a period of till 2030, we will be installing the entire 2 
gigawatt, which will be giving revenue generation from 2031 onwards. 
So in  if you see in this phased manner first for first 250 megawatts we 
will be requiring close to about INR250 crores of equity infusion. So 
for INR250 crores of equity infusion we have a lot of avenues. We have, 
we have no issues on that.  
 
And moving forward as we go along, based on the timing and all, we 
can raise the equity which is required for the IPP 2 gigawatt.  
 
Ayush Sharaf: Okay.  
 
Satyanarayana Baratam:  And we have a plan for that. 
 
Ayush Sharaf: Okay, great. And if I just may ask quick last question. So you said that 
this last quarter EBITDA margins came down because of these low 
margin projects that you all did. Is that kind of a structural pressure from 
larger project sizes with thinner margins or like what’s your EBITDA 
margin guidance that you would say for the next year? Is it like towards 
the 10.5% or will it be back to about 11%, 11.5%? 
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: EBITDA margins for this year will remain same or maybe we will 
have a little improved margins of by about 20, 30 basis points yes. 
Because whatever order book we have as of 31 March, 2026, the INR 
7,200 crores, all projects are yielding good margins. So we don’t see 
this kind of fourth quarter dip in coming this year. 
 
Bondada Engineering Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 32 
 
Ayush Sharaf: Okay, perfect. Thank you so much. 
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: Thank you, Ayush. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. We’ll take one question from the chat from Mr. 
Prathamesh Sawant. What is the expected execution timeline for BESS 
orders and what is the expected IRR on BESS orders for the company? 
Also what are the -- what are the IRR for the clients who are investing 
in the BESS? Is it economical, viable now? All the orders are policy 
driven. What is the customer profile for BESS order? 
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: Yeah, so huge, it’s surrounding between BESS projects. So 
this execution timelines is another for -- one project is -- we have two 
projects. One is 400 megawatt-hour in Tamil Nadu and 450 megawatt-
hour in AP. That 400 megawatt-hour needs to be completed next one 
year and then 450 megawatt-hour needs to be completed next 18 months 
time. So for these two projects, IRRs are ranging between anything 
between 13% to 14%. And the first project Tamil Nadu is already 
financial closed is done and then Canara Bank is funding for this 
project.  
 
And AP project financial closure is yet to be done. We have the time 
because recently we made the BESS buy agreement. And banks are in  
many banks are in line to give us the funding. And this is -these two 
projects are absolutely in line with the framework of MNRE guidelines 
and then MNRE guidelines. Even these two projects are having that 
VGF facility also from the MNREA. So these two, okay, whatever that 
we are having two projects it is very viable and  
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: In terms of IRR it is 13% to 14%. And in terms of timelines what 
he’s asking is this Tamil Nadu we will be completing in this year 
hopefully. And AP might I think it will take next half year. Next year 
of first half.  
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: First half. 
 
Moderator: Okay sir. Sir, there’s one more question from him. What is the cost of 
100 megawatt-hour for customers and what is the EPC portion of that? 
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: Solar or BESS?  
 
 
Moderator: So what is the cost of -- so he’s asking what is the cost of 100 megawatt-
hour for the customers?  
Bondada Engineering Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 32 
 
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: Actually, Vinay. That all depends on so many parameters. It all 
depends on the scope of work. What we agree with the customer. So 
maybe what we can do if at all we can meet sometime personally we 
can explain him everything here, instead of answering in the call.  
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: We may not able to tell that actually what is the cost of per 
megawatt-hour in this public forum. Actually is something it is 
confidential. And second one is, this all, as Satya told that all depends 
upon the scope of the work actually. But everybody knows that actually 
what is the battery price of per kilowatt now actually, is anything 
change for customer. 
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: Some of the cost is only the tariff. For customer it is a tariff, 
for us it is EPC. EPC depends upon the various parameters and 
specification of the customer. Why? Because actually lot of 
specifications are prevailing around this actually. So one single cycle, 
two cycle, two hour storage, four hour storage, augmentation. So many 
things actually, AC, AC scope, DC scope. So many things are there 
actually. I think we’ll able to explain him in one to one, may not be in 
this forum. 
 
Moderator: Sure. Thank you, sir. We’ll take the next question from the line of 
Shrenik Mehta. Shrenik, you can unmute and go ahead please. 
 
Shrenik Mehta: Hi. I wanted to understand how you see this Bondada Engineering 
company in terms of the positioning. You were always seen as an EPC 
company. Now with this 2 megawatt of IPP, 2 gigawatt of IPP and also 
the 850 megawatt of the BOO project, this will certainly shift very 
significantly. So what is the expected -- I know you answered a bit of 
this in terms of the overall Capex and the projected IRR. But do you see 
these two parameters moving significantly in the next two, three years 
because of these two projects? 
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: Next two years, still EPC is going to be a significant revenue 
contributions, EPC. Maybe in after two years actually this IPP is also 
will add. But actually going forward EPC is the major actually. If I can 
say that by '28 financial year or '29 financial year EPC is still 50%, 60% 
is there. Even IPP contribution will come around 20% to 25%. Rest 
products will occupy another 15% to 20%. These are the contribution 
that we are looking at.  
 
Rear Admiral R Sreenivas: Even for our IPP projects, the EPC will be done by another arm of 
ours. So you know like this will also be parallelly increasing. 
Bondada Engineering Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 32 
 
 
Shrenik Mehta: Yeah, but the Capex requirement are quite large. So the typical IRRs 
that you get in EPC are over 30%, whereas the typical IRR that you get 
for IPP projects are typically around 12%. So that significantly changes 
the flavour of the company. So you think you see that this will happen 
not in the immediate next one or two years but more in the three to four 
year framework, right? 
 
Rear Admiral R Sreenivas: Yeah, but the addition of exclusive products and again like foraying 
into defence is basically to like set that balance to, and then to keep up 
the IRR.  
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: That’s point number one. Second point in terms of BESS projects, 
BOO projects that IRR is at 12% to 13%. But in terms of solar plants, 
IPP solar plants that IRR would be anything in the range of 17% to 18%. 
So that’s again going to compensate our overall margin framework. 
 
Shrenik Mehta: Okay, and is that similar expectation for the BESS projects also.  
 
Rear Admiral R Sreenivas: Yeah, BESS actually whatever is that IRR mentioned, that like 
around the 13% is for taking into consideration the plant life of 12 years. 
But there’s going to be substantial life even beyond. If we’re able to 
develop a model where we are going to exploit the infrastructure from 
that, it is going to be much more now. 
 
Shrenik Mehta: Okay, thank you. 
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: Thank you, Shrenik. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We’ll take the next question from the line of Karthik Jain. 
Karthik, you can unmute and go please. 
 
Karthik Jain: Yeah. Hi. Good morning. I just wanted to check in the segmental 
breakup in FY26 that you have given, there’s a significant drop in the 
services revenue. Now what I understand is that the services revenue 
typically is the O&M part of your revenues that comes in. But it has 
declined from around INR356 crores to about INR140 crores. And I 
think that is one of the primary reasons for the margin profile that has 
changed in the last year. So is that understanding correct and what has 
happened in that segment particularly? And is it going to be that going 
forward as well?  
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: I think in terms of services you are asking on the segmental 
reporting, right? 
Bondada Engineering Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 23 of 32 
 
 
Karthik Jain: Yes. 
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: Okay. Okay. In terms of segmental reporting what happened is that 
some of the services actually we have included in this EPC services 
because it’s basically it is predominantly into EPC. But otherwise 
overall, whatever services we mean here is only O&M services.  
 
Karthik Jain: Yeah, but O&M, has it declined over -- I mean over in FY26, as opposed 
to  
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: It has increased. O&M has increased. In fact O&M is 
increased from INR90 crores to almost INR140 crores. O&M has not 
declined. I think this is I think you are referring some wrong numbers. 
There is no decline in services. As EPC is a service actually. It is not a 
product actually. EPC itself is a service. Entire  
 
Karthik Jain: Okay. Because in your quarterly reporting on the consolidated basis the 
segmental reporting has been given that way. I mean…  
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: We will also recheck.  
 
Karthik Jain: Have a look at it. Yeah, yeah. Correct. So that is the first question.  
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: Yeah. What’s your second question? 
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: Otherwise as a margin profile it doesn’t change actually. In 
fact it is improved. It improved from last year. Last year…  
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: He is referring to the last quarter.  
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: No, no, no, in whole year. Whole year it's improved. But I think that 
segmental reporting of the services we will check but actually there is 
no dip at all.  
 
Karthik Jain: Okay. Second is on the receivables part. I mean what is the aging of the, 
the receivables? Because it is about INR 760 crores and how much of it 
is some  
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: As mentioned, 87 days here, that average aging is coming to 87 days. 
 
Karthik Jain: Okay. And all are considered good, right? 
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: Of course. Yeah. Yeah.  
Bondada Engineering Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 24 of 32 
 
 
Karthik Jain: Okay.  
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: There are, there are few, few outstandings which is more than one 
year. But that is as per the payment milestones. 
 
Karthik Jain: Okay, got it. Third is regarding the BESS. I mean is there any 
meaningful revenue that we are expecting in FY27? 
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: Yes. Yes.  
 
Karthik Jain: Your revenues would be that approximately in FY27? 
 
Rear Admiral R Sreenivas: Actually, in EPC, Yes. As IPP, I think that will start getting 
generated from FY28 first quarter. 
 
Karthik Jain: Okay, got it.  
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: As annuity, as annuity revenue, actually we will get it from 
next financial year. But as EPC we will get in this financial.  
 
Karthik Jain: In this financial year. Okay, got it. And what about data centres and 
defence and aerospace? I mean is there any meaningful contribution this 
financial year? I mean in the current one, FY27. 
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: Definitely it will get stuck from this financial year, but it will 
-- it is going to be go up in next three to four years. But definitely these 
two segments is going to contribute from this financial year, yeah. 
 
Karthik Jain: Got it. And in defence specifically we are going into precision 
manufacturing, is it? So we are actually going to do the manufacturing 
part? 
 
Rear Admiral R Sreenivas: System manufacturing of mechanical systems is only one of the 
arms. 
 
Karthik Jain: Okay. 
 
Rear Admiral R Sreenivas: We will also be working in RF. We will also be working in 
composites. We will also be working on the missile shields and these 
kind of things. And we will also be doing to start with a few like 
subsystems for like larger systems in the RF and then microwave 
segment. 
 
Bondada Engineering Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 25 of 32 
 
Karthik Jain: Okay, got it. Great. I think that is all from my side. Thanks a lot and 
best of luck.  
 
Rear Admiral R Sreenivas: Thank you. Thank Mr. Karthik. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, Karthik. We’ll take the next question from the line of. Mr. 
Sunil. Sunil, you can unmute and go ahead please. 
 
Sunil: Yeah. Good afternoon, sir. Just going back to the Q4 margin which you 
said it is like one-off, because of the raw material prices and pressure 
on raw material prices. It went down. So can we expect say between 
11% to 12% of EBITDA and 7% of PAT going forward? 
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: Yes, very comfortably. 
 
Sunil: Yeah. Also I think -- yeah, yeah, thank you. Also I think you have 
mentioned in your earlier concall that you will be cash flow positive 
and we can see that the cash flow is positive now. So can you throw 
some light on how like cash flow become the positive? 
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: Of course, yes. So during the fourth quarter if you see our major 
focus was on collections of receivables. Only during the fourth quarter 
itself if you see we have almost collected more than INR1,000 crores of 
total receivables. And in the month of March alone we have collected 
almost a kind of INR457 crores. So which made us to become cash 
positive from operations as of 31 March, 2026. That’s point number 
one.  
 
And second point actually the last quarter of last year we have started 
using TReDS facility for making payments to this MSME suppliers and 
vendors which is giving us a 90 day vintage to make the payments to 
the treads and that too with a very cheaper cost of finance. These two 
actually made us to become cash positive as of March 2026. And we 
expect to continue the same kind of cash from operations even for this 
upcoming quarters. You got it, Sunil? Hello.  
 
Sunil: Hello. I think I got muted. Yeah sir, I got that. Yeah. Also a last one if 
you can. So out of this INR 791crores of receiver as of 31 March, how 
much is kind of received so far? Because we are almost at the close of 
April?  
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: Out of INR 790 crores, during this last 24, 25 days we have collected 
about INR 130 crores. 
 
Bondada Engineering Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 26 of 32 
 
Sunil: Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you sir. 
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, Sunil. We’ll take the next question from the line of 
Suryansh Gupta. Suryansh, you can unmute and go ahead please. 
 
Suryansh Gupta: Hello. Good afternoon sir. Sir my one question to you is in Andhra 
Pradesh there is lot of booming in data centre sector. So is there any 
major project or any major group of which your order is in pipeline 
related to data centre? 
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: Yeah, I think that’s what I’m keeping on explaining that 
actually we are already working on one assignment in Hyderabad itself. 
And we’re already in touch with almost all the hyperscalers for their 
fibre connectivity and as well as the power connectivity, that round the 
clock power requirements and even to establishing their shell data 
centre shell. So we are already in touch with all the hyperscalers. 
 
Suryansh Gupta: Okay sir. Thank you sir. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We’ll take the next question from the line of Apoorva Raj. 
Apurv. You can unmute and go ahead please. 
 
Apurv Raj: Thank you for the opportunity, sir. Sir, regarding the Bell order I 
understand the revenue is INR 4 million. I wanted to know a few details 
as far as the timeline of execution of this order. And what is this critical 
component exactly being talked about. If you can share it with us. Also 
where is the facility that you are planning to manufacture this critical 
component?  
 
And my second question related is do you have an operating vision for 
the defence play in your business till 2030? 
 
Rear Admiral R Sreenivas: Yeah, yeah. The component, the first question, the timeline is -- the 
execution time is another three months for it. We will be supplying the 
item in the next three months. And coming to the component, this is for 
a missile, a critical component for missile, which till the time the trials 
of the missile are executed we wouldn’t like to reveal exactly the 
component, which we are bound by an NDA with BEL for this. And 
once, on successful completion of trials there will be regular production, 
mass production for this. So there will be the requirement of multiples 
for this particular component.  
 
Bondada Engineering Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 27 of 32 
 
So that is that, and we are going to add a similar more such products to 
in the next few years to come. That if you look at is the large number 
items and we will also be -- in our product line for defence we also have 
like subsystems and also in the pipeline. So by about 2030, if you are 
talking about, by 2030 we may also roll out a few products actually for 
direct use by defence forces as well as subsystems for defence PSUs. 
 
Apurv Raj: Okay sir, thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, Apurv. We’ll take the next question from the line of Pranav 
Goyal. Pranav, you can unmute and go ahead please.  
 
Pranav Goyal: Thanks, everyone and great set of results, first of all. My first question 
is very similar to what has already been requested. I think there is 
something wrong with the segmentation in what you’ve provided to 
exchange because services direct revenue goes down from INR 315 
crores to INR30 crores which is not understandable. So probably you 
need to have a look at it. But on the other hand if you can also provide 
in your presentation, if you can add or if you can provide separately an 
understanding of what is  what comes under EPC services and products, 
it’ll help individual investors a lot. That’s one point.  
 
Second thing, I wanted to understand is you’ve mentioned there has 
been some impact on your margin in Q4 because of the increase in cost. 
What we’ve seen is the real increase of cost has happened in April with 
respect to steel or whatever. Do you expect this quarter will also have 
some impact on the margins because of the increase in energy and the 
commodity prices? And are your contracts pass on contracts or you 
need to absorb the increase in cost once your contracts are already 
closed, and before locking down?  
 
My third question is recently there has been some BESS contracts 
which were awarded by NTPC and I think one to Coal India and I was 
not able to see Bondada even though they were in the region of 
Telangana and Andhra. Were you part of these tenders or what was the 
reason why Bondada was not a part to these tenders? 
 
Rear Admiral R Sreenivas: We will answer your like last question first. Most of the BESS 
contracts awarded in the recent past to various players in the BESS, are 
actually like mostly like unviable. So we have cautiously not 
participated in some of the tenders. And then also wherever there is a 
reverse auction we have halted at a particular point there. So like that 
answers your last question. And our CFO will be addressing the first  
 
Bondada Engineering Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 28 of 32 
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: Answer actually though we have participated in tenders with NTPC 
for base, because of our pricing actually we were not L1 and we don’t 
want to. We have no regrets for that because those projects are anyways 
unviable as told by our group CEO, sir.  
 
Rear Admiral R Sreenivas: And as of today in the best less you know space in the country the 
RFPs issued by us are some kind of an industry benchmark. The people 
do follow the RFPs issued by us and then the conditions for this life 
cycle sustenance and then the warranty model that we have put are 
being considered as one of the best by the industry. And if we take a 
conscious call that below this it will not be viable and you will not have 
assured IRRs on that one that is you can take it for granted is one of the 
best like industry judged remark. 
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: Yeah purposefully, intentionally we are staying away from it.  
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: The reason actually so it’s getting mad that actually people 
are coming and then participating in this tender. We stayed away and 
reverse auction. We have participated almost all the tenders we 
participated but we are stayed away in the reverse auction because it is 
going beyond some certain threshold levels.  
 
That first question your answer is, I think margin levels will remain 
same from last quarter to this quarter because actually if you see that 
this procurement has to happen actually prior to the execution. After 
execution we have to build it. So most of the materials we procure for 
this this quarter execution. So I think margin levels are intact, are going 
to be intact in this quarter. And going forward by adding these new 
projects and new products I think we will be maintaining the same 
EBITDAs and the same PAT levels 
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: And one more thing, Pranav, you told that steel prices increase is 
from April month. It’s not correct. Actually it is increased in the last 
quarter of last year. Not only steel price, if you see on the cable prices 
also there is almost an increase of 17% to 18% in the last quarter.  
 
Rear Admiral R Sreenivas: There are actually two reasons for this increase. One is like normally 
like seasonal and the other one is owing to this, the present geopolitical 
situations. Those increases in the seasonal one since we know the 
pattern we have managed. But of course, when this those coming out of 
geopolitical scenario, we’ve actually slightly staggered our deliveries, 
wherever the costs are very abnormally high. 
 
Bondada Engineering Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 29 of 32 
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: Yeah, most of our contractors are -- actually few contracts 
are pass on and few contracts are fixed. 
 
Satyanarayana Baratam: Third question is correct. So, for fourth quarter, whatever building 
we have planned, Pranav, for that that already orders are placed on the 
suppliers within the budgets in. So as confirmed by our CMD sir, mostly 
first quarter we will not have any dip on the EBITDA. We are sure that 
we will be maintaining the same EBITDA levels. Hope this clarifies 
your question.  
 
Pranav Goyal: Yeah. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We’ll take first questions from the line who have not got 
opportunity to ask the questions. The first question will be from 
Venkatraman Sethuraman. Mr. Venkat, you can unmute and ask please.  
 
Venkatraman Sethuraman: Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations to the management 
for great set of numbers. I have three strategic questions to the 
management. Apologies if you have already addressed us. One is there 
seems to be a market perception around the oversupply of solar capacity 
in India with, the 2030 vision. How do you see this from your 
perspective and how do you see this affecting the prospects going 
forward?  
 
Second, I want to understand the geopolitical tensions you spoke about 
the raw material cost impact etc. Outside of that do you see those war 
situations fundamentally affecting in any way or shape for the business? 
And third as with regards to the defence I know you mentioned some 
confidentiality etc. Compared to some of the other defence players that 
we see in the market like Data Patterns, Zen Tech and others, how do 
you want to be differentiated from the rest of the players out there in the 
market? What is your envisaged positioning in the market as far as 
defence is concerned?  
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: Yeah, I think first question I will answer. First question I will 
answer and second and third will be answered by our CEO, Rear 
Admiral. So this coming back to the over capacity is built by solar, it’s 
first of all that perception is wrong actually. It’s not so over capacity is 
built actually. Capacities are even required. Even that 500 gigawatt to 
achieve even that 2047, 50% of net zero. 2070, 100% of net zero, it 
needs lot of capacities to be built. But intermittently what we are facing 
is actually. One is that management of that peak hours and non peak 
hours where actually we don’t have that grid stability and grid 
connectivity availability. 
Bondada Engineering Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 30 of 32 
 
 
And second one is a storage. These two things are actually very 
seriously prominently addressing by government of India. That is the 
reason I think actually a lot of storage projects are coming into the 
picture. And also grid connectivity is being seen as a very serious 
impact. And actually, the way a lot of efforts are being put in this central 
utility transmissions and even state utility transmission. If these two 
things can be addressed very quickly. I think going forward in next 10 
years actually this renewable energy capacity building is continuously 
going to be there and it is required. 
 
Rear Admiral R Sreenivas: Yeah, yeah. It’s only you know like perception because of the 
intermittency of both solar and wind. And then again the grid stability 
targets falling slightly behind the -- like renewable energy capacity 
creation. That over capacity, what you said was a short thought that was 
felt and I think the government reacted very well. They are actually 
augmenting the grids. They are actually going for smarter grids. And 
then all these like BESS projects that are coming in are basically for 
getting the grid stability. 
 
But otherwise, if you look at the government of India’s 2030 target or 
even the 2047 target or otherwise the net zero, targets we need actually 
much more. And then going to your second question about the 
geopolitical scenario, this is not actually directly not going to impact us 
because most of our products, they come from the eastern part of the 
world or they are actually like indigenous products. The only thing that 
comes through these geopolitically sensitive area present are basically 
petroleum products. 
 
Marginal impact of that particular one and hopefully even that is also 
going to get sorted out shortly. Then coming to the how different we are 
going to be as compared to the other defence players, one significant 
difference that we already shown is in the very first year of our coming 
into the defence area we bagged our first critical component order 
which we are going to execute in the next two to three months. And that 
is a that’s a very significant difference as compared to the other 
companies who took some time to actually mark their first revenues. 
 
And the coming to the other part, how different we are going to, we are 
actually to come in to make our space in the defence segment we are 
relying more on inorganic growth wherein we are in the advanced talks 
with the I mean another weeks away. We are going to acquire or like 
going in for merger of a few companies, three companies to be very 
precise with substantial the intellectual capital they will be coming in 
Bondada Engineering Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 31 of 32 
 
and we will be simultaneously working on meeting the small products 
requirement to medium subsystems requirement while working on the 
development of like independent products for direct use by the defence 
services. That is how we make a distinction with others. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. We’ll take the next question from the line of Mr. Surya 
Nayak. Mr. Surya, you can unmute and go ahead please.  
 
 
Surya Nayak: Yeah, yeah. Okay. Thank you. Thank you for opportunity. So one 
question is that what is the data centres wallet share we are targeting? 
If you can give a 1 megawatt of data centres Capex and in terms of RTC 
and cell what you have just described. 
 
Rear Admiral R Sreenivas: Yeah, yeah. What the arrangement between us and like Bryanston is 
to actually two outcomes. One with the Bryanston is to have you know 
like ready to build data centre parcels, means that the land for and for 
meeting the requirement of like hyperscalers along with these 
connectivity and then also grid as well as data connectivity. And then 
the subsequent ones for us is that we build you know shells over that 
for a ready to deployment to data centre. Again for like hyperscalers. 
Hyperscaler is anything between a few megawatts of capacity which 
generally comes in 20 to 40 acres of land. 
 
Surya Nayak: Okay so then what is the wallet share, specifically…… there is an 
arrangement but generally what we target. 
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: Surya, your voice is not clear.  
 
Rear Admiral R Sreenivas:  Actually we are not able to understand your question. 
 
Surya Nayak: So what is the wallet share -- in terms of Capex? Capex for the data 
centre around whatever the amount is. So what would be the -- what 
would be our share we are target out of that Capex? 
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: Actually we are not risen to that. It’s because actually it is a 
multi billion requirement of data centres but actually our activity here 
is at least to start with 2 gigawatt, 3 gigawatt of data centres. Sorry 
megawatts, 2 megawatt and 3 megawatt of data centre. So each 
megawatt is coming maybe around INR 35 crores to INR 40 crores of 
our scope of work actually. So that is the kind of sizes that we are 
starting maybe we can even we can go even after the 10 megawatt of --
10 megawatt size of the data centres. 
 
Bondada Engineering Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 32 of 32 
 
Again we are talking about Capex. We are not putting any Capex in this 
actually. We are making it ready and then giving back to the 
hyperscalers. So we are not going to sit on any Capex in long term. Very 
short term, maybe for six months or maybe up to seven, eight months. 
Actually we are going to create this and handing over to the data centres, 
data centre operators. 
 
Moderator: Thank you sir. Since we are overshooting the concall time I would 
request the management to give a closing comment if they wish to. 
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: Yeah, I think it means that it's over.  
 
Rear Admiral R Sreenivas:  Question-answer session is over. Okay. Thank you, Vinay. Our 
CMD will be giving his conclusions. 
 
Dr. Raghavendra Rao Bondada: Thank you very much for taking all your busy schedules and 
participating in our earning call today and thank you very much for that 
very qualitative questions. I hope that actually we given answer for all 
of the questions and some of the observations are there in our 
presentation in the stock exchange that we will look into that. And also 
if any further information is required you always can reach us to one to 
one on one so that actually we can clarify furthermore. And thank you 
Kaptify team for arranging this call and thank you all. Thank you very 
much. 
 
Moderator: Thank you sir. All the participants can log off now. This is the end of 
the conference call. 