 
 
 
 
 
November 22, 2024 
 Ref: DSL/60/2024-25/NSE 
 
To, 
The Manager, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: DIGIKORE 
ISIN: INE0QJ901011 
 
   Subject: Submission of Transcript of the Earnings Conference call held on Tuesday, November 19, 
2024 at 12:15 P.M 
 
  Ref: Regulation 30(6) read with Schedule III Part A of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”).   
 
   Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
  With reference to our intimation dated November 13, 2024 related to the Earnings Conference call, the 
Company is submitting the transcripts of Earnings Conference call of the analyst/investor conference call 
which was held on Tuesday, November 19, 2024 at 12:15 P.M to discuss the Unaudited Financial Results 
of the Company for the Half Year ended 30th September 2024.   
 
  Submitted for your kind information and necessary records.   
 
  Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
  
Yours faithfully, 
For Digikore Studios Limited 
 
 
Heny Pahuja 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Heny 
Pahuja
Digitally signed 
by Heny Pahuja 
Date: 
2024.11.22 
19:42:57 +05'30'
Page 1 of 14 
 
  
 
“Digikore Studios Limited 
H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 19, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ABHISHEK RAMESHKUMAR MORE – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – DIGIKORE STUDIOS LIMITED 
 
MRS. HENY PAHUJA – COMPANY SECRETARY & 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER – DIGIKORE STUDIOS LIMITED 
 
MS. SUREKHA MISAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER --
DIGIKORE STUDIOS LIMITED 
 
MR. SANJAY BOKADIA – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – DIGIKORE STUDIOS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR:  
MS. CHANDINI CHANDE – KIRIN ADVISORS 
 
 
 
Digikore Studios Limited 
 
 
November 19, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to H1 FY25 Earnings Conference call of Digikore 
Studios Limited hosted by Kirin Advisors. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Chandini Chande from Kirin Advisors. Thank you and 
go ahead please. 
Chandini Chande: 
Thank you. On behalf of Kirin Advisors, I welcome you all to the Conference Call of Digikore 
Studios Limited. From management team, we have Mr. Abhishek More, Managing Director, 
Ms. Surekha, CFO, Mr. Sanjay, Group CFO, Mrs. Heny, Company Secretary and Compliance 
Officer. Now I hand over the call to Mr. Abhishek More. 
Abhishek More: 
Thank you, Chandini. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Earnings Call for Digikore 
Studios Limited. As you all know, Digikore is into visual effects for film and television and very 
recently last year, we started off our branded content division, which is also contributing now to 
our revenues already. The new platform that we've launched in AI and which we - some of them 
we've launched and some which we are launching very, very soon is what we are really, really 
excited about because these are all B2C platforms.  
In fact, we have the launch and demo of one of our music platforms, which is the first of its kind 
in India on Friday. And it is a platform where we anticipate lakhs of users globally to be able to 
generate songs for their loved ones and the click of a button everything under five minutes. We're 
already getting excellent response even before we launched the platform. We've gotten almost 
25 dealer/franchise inquiries for the platform.  
And we anticipate our AI platforms to generate not only the top line, but also contribute 
significantly to our bottom lines, not from next year, but as early as the last quarter of this 
financial year. So this is a brief on where we stand. The visual effects industry is slowly creeping 
back to normalcy which is a great sign for us. We have started work on several projects. We 
have tons of projects in the horizon where we've received soft confirmation from our clients, 
some of them starting in December, some of them starting in January, some of them starting in 
February.  
Cumulatively, if I were to look at it which I have the numbers right in front of me, we have a 
business pipeline of approximately INR56 crores in visual effects to be delivered over the next 
7 months to 8 months’ time. And out of this, we are anticipating somewhere between INR25 
crores to INR28 crores to be invoiced by March, because obviously invoicing happens on 
milestone based and certain invoicing happens only when the project gets over.  
So that is on the visual effects side. We're looking at on a very conservative level INR25 crores 
to INR26 crores worth of invoicing by March. On the branded content side, on a very 
conservative side, we're looking at around INR20 crores of invoicing by March and on our AI 
 
 
Digikore Studios Limited 
 
 
November 19, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
platform, we're looking at an invoicing of around INR5 crores by March. Keeping all this in 
mind and looking at what we've done in H1, obviously H1 was I would say weak. I wouldn't say 
flat. I would say weak because of the visual effects industry strikes.  
The work is just picking up now. And as you can see from the numbers I just told you, based on 
the orders that we have ongoing, which is around INR8 crores worth of visual effects work in 
progress and the new business that we anticipate which is already production is over, or filming 
is towards its last stage. That's a great sign for us when the filming is in the last stage, and we 
know that the only thing left is editing before it moves on to the visual effects.  
So all these projects are projects where the filming is either just got over and it's in editing or the 
filming is in the last stage, and we'll go into editing maybe in December and then the visual 
effects starts in January. So things are looking bright. It has been a slow 6 months to 8 months, 
unfortunately beyond our control because that was by external factors which was the strike in 
Los Angeles, Hollywood last year, but the good sign is that things are getting back. That's all 
from my side for the time being and yes, open to any Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We'll take a first 
question from the line of Jishan Singhi from Krijuna Research And Analytics. Please go ahead. 
Jishan Singhi: 
Sir first of all, I would like to ask on the branded content platform that how it is contributing 
today in your revenue and second my question is with respect to that virtual production sets. 
Abhishek More: 
Sorry, the?  
Jishan Singhi: 
First question, I would like to ask on the branded content platform that how much it is 
contributing to your revenue? 
Abhishek More: 
So the branded content in H1, we did around INR5 crores, and H2 like I mentioned we are 
targeting around INR20 crores, anywhere between INR20 crores to INR25 crores in H2 for 
branded content. See, branded content actually, we would have done much more in H1 also, but 
our agreement with Jio because we cannot go ahead and sign up partners for that unless we have 
our back end agreement with Jio, which was supposed to get signed in June of this year, but 
because of their merger with Hotstar which we all know, they put all agreements on hold. 
We could only sign the agreement with Jio mid-September. And then in the last 15 days, 
whatever quick agreements we could sign with the clients who had confirmed, we could manage. 
So we did around INR5 crores in H1 and H2 on a very conservative level, anywhere between 
INR20 crores to INR22 crores worth of agreements will get signed with our clients on that site.  
I also heard the virtual production. When I say VFX I mean combination of VFX and virtual 
production. So as an example, one of the projects in this entire pipeline of INR56 crores that we 
have is a large Amazon project which is going to be approximately INR10 crores worth of virtual 
production work in that.  
 
 
Digikore Studios Limited 
 
 
November 19, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
The whole movie is filmed on a virtual stage and all the assets for that are being developed by 
us. So when I say VFX, please assume that it's VT and VFX together. If you want me to break 
it up, I can, that's not a problem. 
Jishan Singhi: 
Okay. So in the branding content, what would be the number of episodes that you're currently 
looking for? 
Abhishek More: 
So we've signed up a deal for 58 episodes with Jio Cinema for up to March 24. So that is what 
that, and the total value of that is approximately INR30 crores. 
Jishan Singhi: 
Okay. And on the VP Sets, does any big studio have contacted for that virtual production? 
Abhishek More: 
For VP Sets, we have already installed and are already getting, not revenue from all, but our VP 
Sets platform is already installed at over 65 virtual production stages in the US, Canada, 
Singapore, Thailand, Korea, and UK. So we've already got 65 stages. So VP Sets is a B2B2C 
platform. It's not a B2C platform for us.  
For us, our partner is on virtual production stage. So for us, it's technically written with B2B, 
then they go and give it to their partners. So our job is to increase our footprint in as many virtual 
production stages as we can. And yes, like I just said, we've got almost 65 places. We've been 
able to install this in the last 3 months, which is a huge number by itself. Our goal is to have 
cross 100 before the end of this year. 
Jishan Singhi: 
Okay. So how much is our target for that by March?  
Abhishek More: 
See, on VP Sets, I keep saying that we've not kept any revenue targets because it's a very new 
concept. It's never been done before. We're going to take it as it comes. We're going to analyse 
what we are doing till March. We haven't even added that in our revenue numbers for this 
financial year. We don't have any historical data. We don't have any data that we can say, okay, 
we are going to do so much. So we want to wait and watch for the next 3 months to 4 months 
before we give any projections for that for next year. 
Jishan Singhi: 
Okay. Thank you so much. 
Abhishek More: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Dheeraj Kumar, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Dheeraj Kumar: 
Thank you for taking my question. I would like to – so basically the projections for March 2025 
were INR25 crores in VFX, INR20 crores in branded content and INR5 crores for AI which 
combined comes to INR50 crores. And if you combine the H1, H2 it is plus 27 which is INR77 
crores, and it goes well beyond the projection of INR70 crores that the company had mentioned 
earlier in the last presentation. So I think we are really going the good way.  
 
 
Digikore Studios Limited 
 
 
November 19, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
I would like to know if the other projections that the company has mentioned for FY26 which is 
INR125 crores and FY27 which is INR200 crores. Do we still stick to those projections, or do 
they look a bit difficult? 
Abhishek More: 
Right, Dheeraj. Thank you for your question. As of now, we don't see any challenges in our 
projections for FY25, 26, 27, or beyond. If our AI platform, which we are very confident – like 
I said, we are launching our AI platform on Friday and I urge all of you on this call to definitely 
attend that, because I can only tell you one thing. If there is something that's going to blow your 
mind it's this platform.  
This platform, we are very, very confident and this could make all these numbers look like – 
they could make all these numbers our AI platforms. They are B2C. We have full control on it. 
We have full marketing and publicity control. We have a full marketing funnel that we've set 
up, which is with the best of the best marketing teams and digital marketing teams in India.  
So, like I said in the last – we just launched, soft-launched a partner program for this, where 
people invest INR10 lakhs to become a partner with us for this platform and they can create a 
white-label platform for themselves. We are sitting on almost 25 inquiries in the last two days 
for that.  
Our goal in the next 3 months is to have around 50 such partners. The music and our AI team – 
why AI? Let's get back to why AI. I keep talking about a term which I like – pivot or perish. 
Whether we like it or not AI – forget the VFX industry. AI is going to more or less disrupt every 
service industry, whether you're a lawyer, whether you're an accountant, whether you're into 
visual effects, whether you're into filmmaking because we are the ones doing it. We are the ones 
who've created one of the best AI teams in India, and every day we get scared after some of the 
possibilities of AI. 
If we do not pivot into creating platforms which are in AI, and we remain purely as a VFX 
service provider, I honestly don't see the company going beyond 3 years' time. A company that's 
been built with sweat and blood over 24 years, the idea from a promoter has to be that the 
company has to deliver long-term returns to its promoters and investors always. We see our AI 
platforms that we are generating.  
So as an example, iPod is the reason why Apple is there today. If Apple did not think beyond 
their Mac and created the iPod, they wouldn't be there today. Today, the Mac contribute to less 
than 8% of Apple's revenues. It is all your new-age technologies and new-age devices that have 
made Apple into what it is today. So we want to stay ahead of the curve. We are looking at 
creating all these platforms and honestly, once these platforms take off, all these numbers we 
would have to just re-change and these numbers will be dropped to a very large extent. 
Dheeraj Kumar: 
Yes, totally agree with you. That was my next question because AI is disrupting all the industries. 
And VFX being an outsourced industry, if AI could do the job that we are doing, there's no 
reason for the clients to outsource their job to us in India. So I really like your approach of going 
forward with innovation and following the future trend. And that has led me to keep or in fact 
 
 
Digikore Studios Limited 
 
 
November 19, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
increase the confidence in the company and the management. Good luck for you and thank you 
very much for clarifying? 
Abhishek More: 
I'm surprised to know one thing. I think Digikore today is probably the only or among the just 
two or three VFX Studios in the world who have a full-fledged AI team in-house. We are 
creating the tools to disrupt VFX. We are creating tools that will automate visual effects 
processes, not only for us, but for other VFX studios as well because if we don't do it, somebody 
else will. So rather than be a follower, we want to be a leader in that. 
Dheeraj Kumar: 
Indeed. What is the revenue share that we are looking at? It shouldn't be precise revenue share, 
we're looking through these AI tools in maybe, let's say, 2 years or 3 years from now? 
Abhishek More: 
I'm going to tell you a statement right now which may offend some people out here but may not. 
In 3 years' time, if somebody asks me what is Digikore, I might just tell you it's a technology 
company, because we'll be going technology first. Like I said, I just gave you a figure of Apple. 
In the 1990s, when you asked Apple, what is your product, they would have said we are an iMac. 
We make iMac.  
Today, they don't even talk iMacs, because iMac contributes to less than 8% of their revenue. 
Time will tell. Our AI products, they are extremely positive. We are doing some ground-breaking 
research and creating some future forward technologies time will say what this will contribute 
to our revenues. 
Dheeraj Kumar: 
Thank you very much and good luck for the future. 
Abhishek More: 
Thank you Dheeraj. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Ronil Dalal from Ficom Family Office. 
Please go ahead. 
Ronil Dalal: 
Good morning. My first question is that receivable days have increased quite a bit around 70% 
or so half yearly to around INR41 crores and we were expecting this number to normalize 
somewhat, but it has moved up. So any kind of comment on this and any concrete steps which 
are taking place right now to recover the receivables? 
Abhishek More: 
Yes. Absolutely. Thank you for joining the call. So, I'll tell you what it is. I'll give you a little 
background to this whole story. So, if you are in the IT industry or any other industry, you have 
a set of probably 5,000, 10,000, or 20,000 clients that you can reach out to. If one client doesn't 
pay, you just say I don't want to work with this client any longer. The unfortunate truth of the 
VFX industry for companies based in India and depend a lot on outsourced work, which we are 
changing now because as digital progresses, we are climbing up the value chain with our 
Canadian operations.  
And most of the future revenue that I've shown you, the majority of that is direct work and not 
outsourced, but the minute you talk outsourced work, our entire universe revolves around maybe 
100 clients to 150 clients, out of which 15 or 20 are the really big fish who give INR3 crores to 
 
 
Digikore Studios Limited 
 
 
November 19, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
INR10 crores worth to VFX studios in India. And obviously, we have excellent relationships 
with these 15 or 20 of the big fish that have been there.  
When the strikes just got over, that was in November last year, there were lots of projects which 
were in various stages of production. Some had just about started which shut down, some were 
in mid the shooting shut down midway, out of eight episodes, one episode or two episodes was 
left, but they had to shut down.  
So as the strikes opened in January, the work that came in, it came up with a rider that what, 
Abhishek, let's say I have a book this client, let's call him Mr. A, hypothetically, who gives us 
INR5 crores to INR7 crores worth of business. And every VFX studio in India is after them to 
get work from them.  
What Abhishek, we've been through 8 months of torture. We have unpaid salaries over the last 
8 months because there was a strike. We did not pay salaries. COVID situation, similarly. We 
have bank loans that have piled up. We have all our expenses that have piled up. This is a project 
that's coming. We are going to get our monies over a period of time because the project has just 
started. If you want to take this, you know, it's going to take a while for payments. 
So either you can say no or take it. At that point, if you told them no, trust me we would have 
lost that INR5 crores client forever because then they would have gone to some other person and 
then that person takes that client literally forever. And we don't have the luxury of 200 or 300 or 
500 such clients if they went then I have somebody else. We did take up this project at that time. 
And knowing very well that the payments are going to take time. Obviously, because we needed, 
we couldn't let that client go away. 
We started receiving payments, but to be very honest, most of these people have just started sort 
of semi normalizing their cash flows. We do anticipate a majority of these collections to happen 
over the next 4 months to 6 months’ time. This is something which we have been through once 
already post COVID. When COVID also filming was shut for almost 7 months to 8 months. So 
this cycle is not new to us. We have been through the cycle.  
These are the trusted clients of ours who we've been working with for 5 years, 7 years, some of 
them 10 years. So we don't have an issue with their payment. So it's not that we've taken a 
business risk. It was a strategic decision that we had to take. 
Ronil Dalal: 
Right. Thank you for explaining that. My second question is that earlier. So earlier we had kind 
of and also the beginning of the call, you said that INR150 crores and INR200 crores, 26 and 
27. However, the presentation, which was released on 24th October the number was revised 
down to INR125 crores. So I just want to clarify. So one is the revenue part and the second is 
the EBITDA margin.  
Similarly, the guidance is 30% to 35% in the VFX EBITDA margin and branded content, 40%. 
But on a blended basis we're right now somewhere near 21%. So both these things together, so 
the revenue as well as the margin. So what do you have to say about this? Any kind of 
 
 
Digikore Studios Limited 
 
 
November 19, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
commentary on this or what is your expectation and is the number 125 or is it 150, which you 
said earlier in this call?  
Abhishek More: 
No, it is 125. That is why we released that revised projections a month ago, maybe. The revised 
projections for FY26 is 125. Obviously, we are best, we take every endeavour to try to beat that 
as far as possible. Talking about the margin right now like I said, we set up our teams in North 
America. We started setting up post-IPO in December, January, February. Most of the projects 
that you heard about these numbers of INR25 crores and INR30 crores and almost a pipeline of 
INR56 crores worth of projects which have been soft gotten by them because of their good 
offices at Amazon and Netflix and CBS and all of that.  
But these projects, majority of them went into filming in January, February, March. They're 
finishing filming now. They're coming on to the board in between December, January. Our 
margins in the last 6 months have taken a hit because of this added cost in North America and 
these people don't come cheap. We are spending close to a little over a INR1.5 crores salaries in 
North America currently. 
With little more revenue out there, so that is affecting our current margin, but as these projects 
begin, we normalize to our regular PAT margins which we've always anticipated of between 
18% to 20%. 
Ronil Dalal: 
Right. And is there any reason that the guidance from like, just from around August, we have 
moved from INR150 crores back to around INR125 crores it's been devised downwards? 
Abhishek More: 
Yes, I will tell you. We have seen trends which we've been learning as we progress that Netflix, 
Amazon, Disney, CDs, they are all cutting down on their projects a little. It's not the same way 
it was in 2022 or the early 2023 when average when Netflix was spending USD15 billion a year 
on content. As for the latest news figures that we've got and after speaking to some senior people 
at Netflix, they are all cutting down on their content spent slightly for 2025, the calendar year 
2025.  
So keeping all that in mind, so today if my end client is only going to reduce their spend, either 
I go really aggressive and take a bigger piece of the pie. If I had X market share, I'd get more 
market share, which is also great, which is also what we're trying, but to be on a conservative 
level, because of their spend reducing, we anticipate that the volume of VFX will also reduce. 
So that is why we have realigned our numbers, but I'm pretty confident now with the new AI 
technologies and the new AI platforms we are launching.  
So AI platforms will actually more than the top line, they will contribute more to the bottom line 
because in all our AI platforms, we work with margins of anywhere between 60% to 80%, 
because it's finally just a digital product and there's only a digital cost of delivery. It's not a 
physical product or manpower required to deliver that product. So all our digital products will 
contribute substantially to our PAT margins rather than top line. 
Ronil Dalal: 
Right. And the other thing is that on the employee, so two things. One is that the expansion 
August around August, around that time, we were expecting the recovery to take place in the 
 
 
Digikore Studios Limited 
 
 
November 19, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
next 3 months to 4 months. So maybe somewhere around December. We had also mentioned 
that we might have to expand our workforce from 350 to 500 in December. So I'm assuming that 
has been pushed out a few months. So could you please just clarify on the same? 
Abhishek More: 
The 350 to 500, it will happen somewhere between December and January. It depends on how 
many projects of these which I've spoken about, come together at the same time. If they are 
spread, if the December projects are, it's not that when VFX shots comes, you get suddenly 1,000 
shots together. They will start sending shots in batches.  
If I have two or three or four projects starting in December, then yes, we have to increase our 
workforce in December itself. But yes, between December and February, we will definitely see 
our workforce going up to at least 500 people, based on the projects that we have in hand. 
Ronil Dalal: 
And the other part, which was the recovery, how do you expect the second half of the year to 
go? 
Abhishek More: 
So, yes, like I mentioned just sometime back also, we expect most of the recovery, majority of 
the recoveries to happen over the next4 months to 6 months’ time. 
Ronil Dalal: 
I have one final suggestion actually. 
Abhishek More: 
We are actually in a very precarious time of the year, unfortunately, which is the truth that we 
all have to live with. Thanksgiving, I don't know if any of you have been to the US market or 
European market. After Thanksgiving, it's like a vacation period for the American markets. The 
Thanksgiving is now it will be next week. Once Thanksgiving is done and then they get into 
Christmas, New Year mode and production gets slow, communication goes slow and all of that. 
Maybe till December end, it's going to be a little challenging on the recovery, but I do anticipate 
a fast-paced recovery from January onwards. 
Ronil Dalal: 
Sure. I have one final suggestion actually. So, like a lot of - there has been some delays in the 
entire VFX industry because of the recovery, but we report numbers only half yearly. So, I would 
just request that in case there is any major change in either the economic environment, the order 
environment or any changes which are major changes according to you. If investors could be 
updated about those as and when they happen or maybe with like as an update on the BSE or 
NSE, then that would be quite well appreciated like a profit warning on how you have ordered 
win? 
Abhishek More: 
I think that's a great suggestion. I'm requesting our CS Heny to please make a note of that. And 
I think it's really nice. Everybody should be informed on a monthly basis; I believe on what's 
happening and we'll try to make this a practice of giving an update on if possible on a monthly 
basis on the happenings with Digikore and what has happened and what we foresee. If they are 
any changes, growth, degrowth, focus, whatever. I think it's a great suggestion, Ronil. Thank 
you so much. 
Ronil Dalal: 
Sure. Thank you so much for patiently answering all my questions and taking my suggestions. 
Thank you. All the best.  
 
 
Digikore Studios Limited 
 
 
November 19, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Yashwanti from Kojin Finvest. Please 
go ahead. 
Yashwanti: 
Thank you, sir, for the opportunity and a congratulations for the great development happening 
at the company side. My first question is we have taken on board a couple of like Mr. David, 
Ms. Jensen and now Ms. Scott and Ms. Tara. So how it has helped us to develop a new business 
post Tara? Ms. Tara is a recent addition to the board, coming with a great experience, but our 
past experience with Mr. David, Mr. Jensen, and Ms. Scott, how it has helped us to develop a 
new business and new market, along with getting new contracts from them? 
Abhishek More: 
Absolutely, Yashwanti. Today, we are sitting on approximately, like I said again INR56 crores 
worth of work in hand. Out of this, if I'm just going to break this, I'm going to break this up into 
14, maybe around INR16 crores worth of this INR56 crores from our existing clients, which are 
our outsource partners, who outsource work to us and the remaining INR41 crores-odd work 
that is going to be starting is all the efforts of Jason, David, and Marina.  
Because these are all direct projects from Amazon, from Hulu. One Piece is Netflix's star show, 
which we've already signed the NDAs and started the paperwork on One Piece. One Piece is one 
of Netflix's biggest shows. Marina is right now working on one of the Duffur Brothers shows, 
which Duffer Brothers is the one who produced stranger things. So we loaned out Marina into 
that show as a VFX producer.  
That show, by itself, has a VFX budget of close to USD50 million. Obviously, we won't get a 
lot of that, but yes our person, with permission from Netflix, in fact, it's a very amazing situation 
that with permission from Netflix, Marina, who yet works for Digikore has been loaned out to 
Duffer Brothers as VFX producer on a Netflix show. So that gives us a great front-row entry, 
because our person is the VFX producer on that show. 
Yashwanti: 
Right. That's a good survey of branding. 
Abhishek More: 
Exactly. So we've taken all these strategic steps. Scott is really a consultant who adds tremendous 
value. So I'll give you a background of Scott. Scott is the grandfather of the visual effects 
industry worldwide. He was the founder of digital domain, which is one of the largest VFX 
studios in the world today. His partner was James Cameron. So Scott and James started digital 
domain in the early 90s.  
Scott is like having Sachin Tendulkar coach your cricket team in simple words. So Scott brings 
in tremendous value. Scott brings in tremendous connects into Digikore and he adds great value 
to what we do. Tara has been Managing Director of a VFX studio in Montreal. She ran the studio 
as the Managing Director for 4 years and now she comes in as Vice President of America for us. 
Again, extremely well-networked in the industry. So we are building up a rock-solid team in 
North America. And we do believe that this team has the capability to take this company to 
becoming a USD100 million company in the next 3 years to 4 years' time. 
 
 
Digikore Studios Limited 
 
 
November 19, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Yashwanti: 
Any further acquisition on the industry veteran on the board? Are you planning for that or you 
wanted to first run the show with this veteran on the board and how is the things going you are 
strategies, of course, going for the future? 
Abhishek More: 
Yes, so we don't have any acquisition plans in the immediate horizon. I believe that acquisition 
when you acquire something, there should be intrinsic value in that, in terms of either captive 
clients or technology. We don't foresee any VFX studio right now who is worth acquiring, who 
brings in intrinsic value.  
See, otherwise, if I had to pay, let's say, USD5, USD10, USD15, USD20 million to an owner of 
a company just to take that brand name, there is no point. I can just pick up their top three 
marketing people and I reach there. So there is no intrinsic value that we see currently. There 
could be, there could be an opportunity that comes, but currently, we don't foresee an acquisition 
at Digikore for sure. 
Yashwanti: 
And currently from our three business verticals that is the visual effects, virtual production and 
the branded current. Currently, I believe the visual effects is the highest contributor, but going 
forward, what are your plans for these three verticals? Where do you want it to focus and how 
are the margins for each of these segments? 
Abhishek More: 
See, going forward, obviously the cash cow for us will be branded content in our AI platforms. 
Why? Because they are products that are owned by us. When you own IP, when you own 
copyright, when you create your own products, they keep giving you revenue again and again 
on that same investment. VFX is a service. So a service is you get a one-time revenue and that's 
about it.  
So on VFX, as far as nothing changes crazy in the industry, we do plan to stick around those 
margins of anywhere between 30% to 40% EBITDA levels. Because I'll tell you the situation 
right now, what happened the last 6 months. People were high and dry; people did not have 
work. So earlier we used to get, let's say, USD100 for something. Somebody went in and quoted 
USD90.  
So the client said I'm getting this at USD90. Do you want to do it or no? So then we had to say 
yes. So the margins shrunk a little in the last 6 months to 8 months because there was a 
completely dry spell for everyone for the last 12 months. So VFX is something which is not 
majorly in our control, the margins. It is very market-driven, very external factors driven. In 
branded content, in our AI platform, in VP sets, the margins are completely in our control. So 
we will always enjoy much better margins in these divisions compared to visual effects service. 
Yashwanti: 
And what kind of a margin we enjoy, sir, in the branded and AI content? 
Abhishek More: 
See, branded content, we typically start off the show with approximately a 35% to 40% EBITDA 
margin. But since we own the content and after it goes on Jio Cinema, then the content goes on 
our YouTube platform. And now we've just tied up with In-flight Entertainment. We are 
speaking to Vodafone to put it on their platform.  
 
 
Digikore Studios Limited 
 
 
November 19, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
So all these things are giving us recurring revenue. Now on our YouTube channel, over the next 
5 years, another 100 million or 10 million people have seen that same episode. I get advertising 
revenue out of that. So that is why I say that content gives us revenue in perpetuity. So today, if 
I'm getting a 35% or 40% EBITDA on a branded content show that I produced in this financial 
year, after the fifth year if you see have probably earned 300% or 400% margin on the same 
content. 
Yashwanti: 
And sir, right now we are hiring the people, we are adding them to the board, but then as you 
have just mentioned, because of the strike and whatever the international issue which has 
happened, which has increased the receivable days, lowered the pressure on the margin. So are 
we also planning to add these senior people who are there, but not at the board level or not at the 
industry veteran level, but at the senior level, who are without a job, they have to agree upon the 
lesser pace. So are we also having strategies to get them in the company to capitalize on their 
experience, their contacts? 
Abhishek More: 
Oh, yes. Let me take an example of this Hulu project that I spoke to. That project has to be done 
in Canada because of the tax credit reasons. That project will be executed in Montreal at our 
studio there. So at that point, once the project starts, we'll be hiring not only a production team, 
but a mid-management team as well in Canada for this projects and other projects that are going 
to come out there.  
The idea of having a Canadian entity was a lot of projects of Netflix and Amazon and Disney, 
they are made on the principle of tax credits from their engines and the work has to happen there. 
So the Hulu project is approximately a INR15 crores project by itself. So technically, why INR15 
crores because if it was done in India, it would really be a INR1.5 crores, INR2 crores project, 
but just because it has to be done in Canada, the value increases substantially on our books. 
Yashwanti: 
In that case, now as you're talking about the subsidies or the lots of tax benefit which we get, if 
we create this content in Canada, even some months back, even the Indian government has given 
a lot of facilities, lots of incentives for the VFX industry to grow up at the India level. So how 
are we capitalizing on this and can we bang any contract, or can we see this differential where 
you can compete with the international where we are having a base in India? 
Abhishek More: 
Absolutely, we are already doing that. So the thing out here is that every project does not qualify 
for the tax rebate from India. So the Indian government has kept a rider out here that the project 
has to be a minimum value of INR1.5 crores and only then you can apply for the tax rebate. In 
our outsourced work that we've been doing so far, it's rare that one project is of this value. It 
does not work per client. This works per project.  
Now, when we start working directly on a One Piece or The Last of Us or the Star Trek series 
that we are starting on, that is when we make use of this rebate from the Indian government. 
Then again, there are certain projects like the Hulu project, which I just again mentioned, its 
filming was done in Canada and then Netflix has certain commitments to certain governments 
which they have given in terms of the spend that they have to do out there. 
 
 
Digikore Studios Limited 
 
 
November 19, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
So while they know that if they actually do this project in India, they will actually do it at less 
than half the cost, but they have to do it in Canada for certain commitment reasons of theirs. And 
that is why we are sitting there in Montreal to help them execute it there. 
Yashwanti: 
Sir with the current project in hand, sorry if you had already answered, I'm repeating this 
question. What kind of, I mean, where we can - what is the expected timeline to complete it? Is 
it getting covered in the FY25 itself that is H2 FY25 ? 
Abhishek More: 
No, we don't compare with FY25. We have around INR55 crores, INR56 crores worth of projects 
in hand on the VFX side of it. Out of which around INR25 crores, INR26 crores will get invoiced 
in FY25 because we will start these projects only December, January. They will go on for 6 
months, 7 months some of them.  
We will be doing milestone-based billing that means a certain maybe 15%, 20% on advance, 
some portion once certain number of shots are delivered. So we don't anticipate this entire 
pipeline to be at INR56 crores to be delivered before 31st March. It's not technically possible. 
Yashwanti: 
Okay. So, and anything, any contract here standing with the Indian Production House? Is it 
viable? Is it good from the profitability perspective or your focus will be always on the 
international project? 
Abhishek More: 
No, as a principle, we don't work in Bollywood unless the project comes up with a 35%, 40% 
margin, which no Bollywood project or South project has, honestly. They all work on margins 
of 10% to 15%. We don't want to get in the market because once we get in there our bottom lines 
will shrink tremendously, which we don't want that to happen. 
Yashwanti: 
Okay. And what is your current attrition rate and average salary which we pay to our specialized 
cfs? 
Abhishek More: 
Ma’am the last 4 months, I'm proud to tell you, we had literally zero attrition because here people 
don't have jobs in the industry. So anybody who has a job, it's worth its weight in gold. Nobody's 
leaving right now, but yes once hiring starts December, January there will be attrition. 
Yashwanti: 
Okay. And any plans for yourself on adding the client talent pool towards it for the second half 
of the current year? I mean, for the rest of the 5 months, 4 months? 
Abhishek More: 
Adding new clients is a constant process. So it's not something that we have plans for that is a 
certain roles that have been given to certain people. Business developing people have targets 
that they have to achieve in terms of onboarding new clients or getting more revenue from 
existing clients. So, yes, it's a part and parcel of our business or any business if you add new 
projects and new clients. 
Yashwanti: 
And I'll take one more opportunity to answer the last question. How are our receivable days? 
Abhishek More: 
So like I just answered recently, the last 6 months, 7 months have been a little tough for everyone 
in the industry, including us, but now with the new project that we signed or signing and the 
 
 
Digikore Studios Limited 
 
 
November 19, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
direct project clearly we just finished off the Star Trek movie that we finished off. Now, the 
receivable days were absolutely okay because we were dealing directly with CBS on that. 
What really sucks is the past receivable days of the outsourced work that we've received. Clients 
continue to give us work thankfully, but don't continue to give us the payment on time because 
they are in trouble. And we know that. We feel that for them because they are in the same boat 
as them. We do anticipate over the next 4 months to 6 months, the majority of our receivables 
should get realized. Yes, that's the situation currently. 
Yashwanti: 
In FY26 comparatively you foresee as a veteran as well as the receivable days are the working 
capital prospect? 
Abhishek More: 
200% because in FY26, while we had initially planned that FY26, 50% of our revenue will be 
outsourced and 50% direct. We anticipate more of it to be direct. The minute you go into the 
direct project and direct revenue league, your receivable days become much more comfortable 
compared to outsource because when you work with outsource, when the outsource vendor first 
gets the money from their client, then if they have some cash flow situation, they will hold it 
back. It's like a vendor payment and they are like kings.  
If you chase them too much for money, they'll say I've got so many other vendors in India dying 
for my business. Why should I give it to you? And they say okay we're stopping to work, 
stopping work with you. So the minute as we progress and which we foresee, we are already 
doing that to direct work that improves our cash flow substantially. 
Yashwanti: 
Okay. Thank you so much, sir. I wish you all the best. 
Abhishek More: 
Thank you, ma'am. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand over the call to Chandini Chande from 
Kirin Advisors. Over to you. 
Chandini Chande: 
Thank you, everyone for joining the conference call of Digikore Studios Limited. If you have 
any queries, you can write to us at research at kirinadvisors.com. Once again, thank you for 
joining the conference. Thank you sir. Thank you team. 
Abhishek More: 
Thank you, everyone. And we look forward to your support as we grow this company into a 
global VFX and technology powerhouse and look forward to our next call soon. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Kirin Advisors, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
