  
Bondada Engineering Limited 
(Formerly known as Bondada Engineering Pvt Ltd) 
Regd. Office:                                                                                                              Corporate Office: 
Plot No-37, Ashok Manoj Nagar,                                                                                 BONDADA HOUSE,  
Kapra, Hyderabad, Telangana-500062,                                                                      C-26, Kushaiguda Industrial Area, 
INDIA                                                                                                                           Kushaiguda, ECIL, Hyderabad,  
                                                                                                               TG-500062 
                                                                                                                              Phone Number: 7207034662 
CIN : U28910TG2012PLC080018 Email : Info@bondada.net, Website : www.bondada.net 
 
Date: May 11, 2025 
 
The Secretary, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543971 
  
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:  Transcript of Investors/Analyst Earnings Conference Call held on May 7, 2025 
Ref:  Disclosure under Regulation 30 and other applicable regulations of SEBI (Listing Obligation & Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Further to our communication dated May 4, 2025 and May 5, 2025, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earning 
Conference Call held on Wednesday, May 7, 2025 at 4:30 PM (IST) to discuss the audited standalone & consolidated 
financial results for the H2 & FY25. 
 
The said Transcript is also available on the website of the Company at www.bondada.net. 
 
We request you to take the same on your record. 
 
Thank You, 
        For Bondada Engineering Limited 
 
 
 
       Sonia Bidlan 
       CS & Compliance Officer 
       M.No. A37766  
 
 
 
Bondada Engineering Limited 
H2 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
May 07th, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management:  
1. Dr. Bondada Raghavendra Rao - Chairman and Managing Director 
2. Mr. Baratam Satyanarayana - Whole Time Director and CFO 
3. Ms. Sonia Bidla – Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
4. Mr. Kondapalli Madhu Kumar - Deputy CFO  
5. Mr. Bheemanadham Ramesh - Investor Relations 
 
 
 
 
 
            Bondada Engineering Limited 
                                                   H2 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
                         May 07th, 2025 
 
 
Moderator:  Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I am Manav, your moderator 
for this conference. Welcome to the conference call of Bondada 
Engineering Limited arranged by Concept Investor Relations to 
discuss its H2 and FY25 results ended March 31st, 2025. We have 
with us today, Dr. Bondada Raghavendra Rao - Chairman and 
Managing Director, Shri Baratam Satyanarayana - Whole Time 
Director and CFO, Mr. Kondapalli Madhu Kumar - Deputy CFO and 
Mr. Bheemanadham Ramesh - Investor Relations.  
At this moment, all the participant lines are in the listen only mode. 
Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. At that time, if 
you wish to have a question, please press ‘*’ and ‘1’ on your 
telephone keypad. Please note this conference is recorded. I would 
now like to hand over the floor to Dr. Bondada Raghavendra Rao - 
Chairman and Managing Director for the opening remarks, thank you 
and over to you, Sir.  
Dr. Bondada Raghavendra Rao:  Good afternoon to everyone. This is Dr. Bondada Raghavendra Rao. 
Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon to all of you. First of all, salute 
to the Indian forces for their heroic efforts in Operation Sindoor 
yesterday night. We are at Bondada Engineering Limited. Our 
endeavor is to sustain the growth momentum as much as possible in 
high growth spaces, high growth sectors with proper planning and 
execution through the render maximum to the shareholder value 
with risk mitigation measures firmly in place. We constantly evaluate 
opportunities which are coming to suit our capabilities, to build a day 
ahead to harness the future moments. I thank you all for taking time 
out to attend our first earnings call post listing to discuss H2 and 
FY25 results.  
Firstly, I shall shed some light upon the financials of the company and 
then operational highlights H2 of this last financial year. Post this, we 
shall move on to the question-and-answer session. Thank you for 
 
joining us today. I'm excited to share our strong performance and 
growth over the past year.  
Since our founding in 2012, we have gone from Rs.7 crores in 
revenue to years staggering of almost Rs.1572 crore earning your 
reputation for reliability and operational excellence. This year, we are 
pleased to report a 96% year on year revenue growth and almost 
around 150% PAT growth. Our subsidiary Bondada E&E Private 
Limited secured its first and the largest order worth almost 108 
crores from Bihar Renewable Energy Development Agency that’s 
BREDA. We also emerged as L1 for the battery energy storage 
system, the first ever business segment in our total overall portfolio, 
best project from Telangana state, GENCO Telangana.  
Additionally, we expanded into the Indian Railways with sector with 
the telecom wayside that passive infraworks for their Kavach, project 
safety project and successfully completed our first international 
order worth almost $2.7 million for game change solar in the USA. 
With a healthy order book of Rs.5000 plus crores and strong financial 
backing from Bank of Baroda and SBI, we are well positioned for 
continued growth. We are grateful for the support of our clients, our 
partners, employees and all stakeholders and our investors and our 
bankers also and look forward to the next phase of our journey with 
optimism and determination.  
Now I would like to open the floor for the question-and-answer 
session.  
Moderator:  Thank you very much, Sir. We have our first question from the line of 
Bijal Bakhai from Amit Jasani Financial Services. Please go ahead.  
Bijal Bakhai:  Hello, great set of numbers, so congratulations to the whole 
team. Sir, you've got orders in the battery power unit, right?  
Dr. Bondada Raghavendra Rao:  Yes! 
Bijal Bakhai:    What is what is the size of the order, Sir?  
Dr. Bondada Raghavendra Rao:  The order will be 50 MW of power. We have to store for two cycles 
that is 100 MW hour. It is 100 MW hour battery storage in Telangana 
state.  
Bijal Bakhai:  OK, so this is an extremely large market that is opening up. Do we 
really expect to scale up significantly in this? What is our expectation, 
Sir?  
Dr. Bondada Raghavendra Rao:  Yes. Actually, as you all know that actually this market is going to be 
expand and grow at a CAGR almost around 27% reaching up to the 
$32 billion USD by 2030. That is the market we actually we have. We 
 
are hardly anything we deployed in the country. Actually, I think as of 
now that numbers are almost around 220MW but whereas by FY27 
we need almost around 35 GW to be installed at best needs to be 
installed or maybe 2030 by around almost around 160 GW to be 
installed and by 2047 we need to install 1840 GW because this bus is 
required for grid stability, peak load management, renewal 
integration, backup power and frequency regulations. So, this is 
going to be future business and renewal energy. 
Bijal Bakhai:  OK, OK. Just one last question. So, we have a very large order book. 
SO, do we need capacity expansion to fuel that or do we have 
enough adequate capacity to manage to execute all these orders 
over the next two years?  
Dr. Bondada Raghavendra Rao:  Here, actually two things. One is actually in fact three things are 
required. First one is that as a people management and second one is 
working capital; third one is our factory contribution to our EPC 
projects is almost around 78%. I don't think any problem in capacities 
of my factory because actually in case of telecom, we are 
manufacturing the towers from our factory. In case of solar EPC, we 
are manufacturing MNS from our factory in case of even the railways 
also we are manufacturing towers and barricades from our crash 
barriers from our factory, that's not at all an issue, but people 
management, talent pooling is a continuous process that will not 
stop anywhere and we are continuously recruiting people from the 
reputed organizations. That's not a constraint at this point of time for 
our growth. Working capital, I think for this year, last year we have 
well managed working capital. I think we have managed our working 
capital almost five times last year but this year also we have set up 
our working capital to, you know, to manage our top line, that's not a 
constraint. 
Bijal Bakhai:  OK. So, no large capacity expansion investment will be required over 
the next two years.  
Dr. Bondada Raghavendra Rao:  Yeah. As far as the EPC is concerned, there is no much capacity is 
required as the EPC is concerned. But in terms of in case of deaths 
and in case of some IPP process may be required but not that much, 
not very significant in this point of time.  
Bijal Bakhai:  Oh, OK. Thank you. Thanks a lot for answering my question. Thank 
you.  
Moderator:  Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Rabindra 
Nath Nayak from Sunidhi Securities. Please go ahead.  
Rabindra Nath Nayak:  OK, so the thing is that can you please give me some ground reality 
of this reorders around Rs.3589 crores you have? What is the 
 
proportion of pure EPC orders, battery storage orders and other 
orders in the RE sector? Can you please give me some idea about this 
in terms of numbers? 
Dr. Bondada Raghavendra Rao:  Yeah. Yeah. Out of total Rs.5044 order book, around Rs.3589 crores 
is from RE side, out of Rs.3589, almost around Rs.3300 crores is EPC 
and around Rs.200 crores is from O&M side of the solar plants. All 
the Rs.3200 crore system solar EPC only from the all PSU and private 
people. We have not added this BESS order in this order book 
because actually we are just L1 and we are yet to get the final order 
but the order value is almost around Rs.240 crores.  
Rabindra Nath Nayak:   2000?  
Dr. Bondada Raghavendra Rao:  No. As of now, it is Rs.240 crores only. But we are participating in 
tenders almost like almost around Rs.1000 crores we have 
participated that's like an NHPC, Tamil Nadu Genko, all these tenders 
are in pipeline.  
Rabindra Nath Nayak:  OK. And this battery storage Rs.240 crores, Telangana you have right 
now and this, out of Rs.3589 crores, major league is solar EPC and 
O&M order will be around Rs.400 crores or something you are 
saying, right?  
Dr. Bondada Raghavendra Rao:  No, no. Some 200 crores. In fact, it is Rs.250 out of Rs.3589 is the 
Solar number, rest is the EPC.  
Rabindra Nath Nayak:  OK. And what is the timeline for the execution of these orders and 
solar EPC orders?  
Dr. Bondada Raghavendra Rao:  Solar EPC, whatever the current orders are in hand, which we have to 
hand over the customers in next depends upon the order size 
actually anything between another 10 months to 18 months actually 
latest by 10 months and longest by 18 months, next one and half 
year, we have to close all these order book of EPC and O&M is once it 
is COD is done from there actually three years to five years duration 
we have to maintain the solar plants.  
Rabindra Nath Nayak:  OK, so that means, you know, in Rs.3500 crores, you are going to 
execute the order in 1 and a 1/2 years. So, you would be in the 
projection of 2600 crores. You must be getting around Rs.1800 
crores of revenue from the RE segment, right in this year for FY26?  
Dr. Bondada Raghavendra Rao:  Yeah, you are correct.  
Rabindra Nath Nayak:  OK. And about this product business, you know this is very small slow 
growing business. So, you have some you know different Rs.280 last 
year it was Rs.162 crores and we have done around Rs.218 crores. 
 
So, whether the other products like in BLDC motors, these are these 
are all in this order or it is going to be booked in the coming period?  
Dr. Bondada Raghavendra Rao:  Yes, yes, this year actually we have last year we done, as you rightly 
said, 162 crores and this year we have done around 218 crores. As a 
standalone product, growth is almost around 35% from last year to 
this year. But EPC orders are more actually in overall business. That 
growth is not much visible, but on its own it is growing good. We 
have good visibility on each and every product like our eco build 
products, our E&E that is solar streetlights and LED products are 
BLDC motors. Very good orders are in pipeline and the good growth, 
we will maintain even this year also.  
Rabindra Nath Nayak:  OK. And you mean to say in the coming period the product business 
is not going to grow substantially as compared to the EPC?  
Dr. Bondada Raghavendra Rao:  It is not like that. What I am trying to say, it will also grow but when 
you compare this when you mix in overall business and see the see 
that contribution of these products, it looks less actually maybe 
around 10%, 11% percent, 12% is the overall business. It has been 
growth of around 35-40% y-o-y.  
Rabindra Nath Nayak:  OK. And in the last year you had a total RE business of around 221 
crores and this year we have almost it has gone 4 times; 917 crores 
and you are guiding around the 1800 crores in this year FY 26. So, 
how much percentages come from the my you know, operating 
leverage from the RE segment, can you quantify that or it is very 
difficult to quantify?  
Dr. Bondada Raghavendra Rao:  I think my CFO, Satya, will answer this question.   
Baratam Satyanarayana:   Yeah. So, you're asking about operating margins / operating leverage 
Rabindra Nath Nayak:  No, no, no. Volume has increased 4 times. So accordingly, your 
operating leverage has come. So, can you quantify that how much it 
has come from the operating leverage.  
Baratam Satyanarayana:  In terms of solar, if you see last year we did about Rs.220 crores and 
this year we did about Rs.920 crores. So, the entire Rs.700 crore 
whatever we highlighted, that is actually from PSU companies. PSU 
companies like Singareni Collieries and MAHAGENCO.  
Rabindra Nath Nayak:   OK.  
Baratam Satyanarayana:   OK, so these three companies, they have given contribution to the 
tune of about Rs.650 crores of revenue. And because of these orders, 
we got it with decent margins, we have a leverage increase by about 
3 and a half to 4%.  
 
Rabindra Nath Nayak:  OK. So, when you are guiding around the doubling the revenue to 
800 crores, we can expect some 0.5 to 1% increase in the margin this 
year? 
Baratam Satyanarayana:  Yeah, definitely, yes that is very clearly visible in the numbers also. If 
you see from last year to this year, that is clearly visible in the 
numbers also, yeah.  
Rabindra Nath Nayak:  OK. OK. And Sir, how the receivables are positioned right now from 
the PSUs, particular because you are executing lot of products from 
the project for the PSU's last day. So how is the situation right now?  
Baratam Satyanarayana:  Yes, is very good, but actually there is no panic towards our 
receivables. I think we also got some comments on that our 
receivables whereas actually if you can see properly thoroughly our 
numbers balance sheet, what we have delivered in February and 
March month is Rs.530 crores revenues. And whereas end of 
financial year, our receivables are Rs.520 crores. With that kind of 
volume doubling the volume doubling the top line, I think we are well 
within the industry norms, our receivables as a whole year, if you see 
that as a whole year, we are at the 33% and whereas one more 
notifiable point here is actually, my revenue is the basic numbers, my 
Rs.1572 crores is the basic number whereas my receivables are 
including GST. GST is the pass through which is almost around 18% is 
the pass through actually. But coming to my customers, all are cash 
rich companies if you take NLC or you take Singareni or if you take 
BSNL, BSNL, I don't say it is cash rich but funded by USOF, Airtel, 
Reliance Jio, we are not finding any problem in getting our payments 
actually, only thing is yes end of the year, receivables are looking very 
high because of last two months of financial year deliveries are more 
and sales are more and the substantial portion of that are maturing 
in April month, May month and June month. Actually, whatever we 
have raised in last two months, those invoices are getting matured in 
April, May and June. In fact, April month we have collected more 
than Rs.100 crores, even May month and June month are also we are 
going to collect all this money, that's not at all a concern. 
Rabindra Nath Nayak:   OK.  
Management:  Rabindranath ji, if you see here February, March revenue, it's almost 
about Rs.520 crores.  
Rabindra Nath Nayak:   OK.  
Management:  That is actually our basic value, whereas our receivables of Rs.530 
crore, whatever we are showing as per balance sheet that is 
including GST. That means if you see the on an average overall, our 
receiving is less than two months old. Overall average I'm talking 
 
about. So that is well within the limits and even if you compare with 
even industry standards also, we are well within the limits. There is in 
comparison in the industry. We can definitely compare those 
numbers. We are well within the limits. We are managing.  
Rabindra Nath Nayak:   And, Sir, what is the BB limit for this Ferrari EPC segment?  
Management:  As of now, we have bank guarantee limit of Rs.280 crores. So, 280 
crores BG we are using for marginal money tenders which we have 
margin money banker guarantee which we have to keep with along 
with tender participation and what we call performance bank 
guarantee which we have to do once we become L1 in the public 
sector undertakings.  
Rabindra Nath Nayak:  OK, so that means you know this with this bank guarantee limit, you 
can have around Rs.400 to Rs.450 crores of quarterly revenue from 
the RE business, right? EPC business? 
Management:    Of course. Yeah, very much.  
Management:  But I think we are also given intimation to Stock Exchange Recently, 
we got sanction of 125 crores from SBI also, that is also substantially 
from BB limit only because we are well managing our working capital. 
We don't finding any problem for our working capital, only that BB 
limits are requirement those limits we are continuously enhancing 
with banks based on the requirement.  
Management:  For March 26 numbers, whatever we have to achieve, both fund 
based, non fund based limits are intact, are all already aligned, yeah.  
Rabindra Nath Nayak:  OK. And about this battery storage business, you know, which are the 
other states are working now on this better storage business 
currently?  
Management:  Like all power manufacturers, power production companies, all 
transmission companies and all developers have to install.  
Rabindra Nath Nayak: No, I am asking which are the discoms or the utilities are working on 
this? 
Management:  Already, we already we began L1 in the Telangana GENCO and we 
have participated one tender with Tamil Nadu GENCO and one more 
tender, very big tender, we have participated in NHPC, National 
Hydro Power Corporation and very few tenders are in line with NTPC 
and as well as in AP GENCO.  
Rabindra Nath Nayak:  OK. And who are the leading players and content competitors for you 
in terms of and when you participate in the tenders largely?  
 
Management:  Yeah, good number of people are coming with the listed and unlisted 
segment also, but here right now, competition is coming from 
Haryana Power is coming, Solar power is coming and a lot of other 
assets holding companies are also coming like when we have 
participated in the NHPC tender, NTPC Renewable is my competitor. 
Even NLC is my competitor. Even PSU's are also competing with other 
tenders, so most of the asset holding companies are also 
participating here, but not to worry because huge amount of where 
everybody will have their own fight to choose for this segment.  
Rabindra Nath Nayak:  So NTPC Renewable is competing with you, whether you will 
develop?  
Moderator:    Sorry to interrupt.  
Management:  Actually, they have their own projects. Even other projects also as 
EPC or developer they are coming for competition. If you see that the 
recent NHPC tender of almost 7000 MW hour tender in AP, NHPC 
Renewables one of the bidder.  
Rabindra Nath Nayak:   OK, All the best, Sir. I will come back in the queue. Thank you.  
Management:    Thank you. Thank you.  
Moderator:  Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Hiren Trivedi, 
an individual investor. Please go ahead.  
Hiren Trivedi:  Yeah. Thank you for the opportunity. The two small questions 
between FY24 and 25, your composition of the share from solar 
telecom products has almost, you know interchanged. So, from 28% 
to 58% for solar and from 52 to 28% in telecom. So, going forward, 
what do you expect the mix to remain the same way at the latest 
percentage or will it change? And 2nd is on your margins. So, you 
know your margins have grown from 8.9 to 11.7. So, what is the 
expected margin range through the next year?  
Management:  The mix of this business was more or less same. Actually, I think solar 
will contribute to around 55 to 60% even this year also, this current 
financial year also and around 30% will be from telecom around 12 to 
15% is from, 10 to 15% we get from our products. More or less, you 
can say that more or less same for this even current financial year 
budget. Coming back to the margin, yes, we are now executing large 
scale projects that are actually well within the timeline. We are 
delivering the projects ahead of timeline. So, there is no cost 
overheads and also all my prices are fixed. The prices which are 
coming from customer is fixed. Even my outflows are also fixed 
because actually we have paid very good amount of money, as 
advanced to all my suppliers, long lead items. So, margins are going 
 
to be intact. In fact, actually maybe we may improve by one or two 
basis points.  
Hiren Trivedi:    OK, Sir. Yeah. Thank you for your answer.  
Moderator:  Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Rahil Mehta 
from Ashmavir Financial Consultants, please go ahead.  
Rahil Mehta:  Good evening, everyone. Firstly, I would like to extend my 
congratulations to the management for delivering such outstanding 
results for FY25. I actually got the answers to my questions and the 
questions were majorly related to debtors and cash flow. So right 
now, I just have one question. So, our cash conversion cycle is about 
75 days. That means we roll our working capital 5 times a year as you 
said. So, can we see an increase in the churn of the working capital 
this year around 5.5 or 6 times which will decrease the cash 
conversion cycle? That was one of the major points I actually wanted 
to ask you. 
Baratam Satyanarayana:  Mr. Rahil, this working cycle of 75 days, whatever we have managed 
last year. As rightly said by Dr. just now, the mix of revenue 60% from 
solar and about 25% from telecom and 15% of products will remain 
same. And the contracts, what we are having almost those contracts 
only we are going to execute even in this year also. Working capital if 
I think I think this year also we will be able to manage it 75 days and 
increasing the working cycle definitely we are always 24 by 7 we will 
try for that but as a matter of conservative thing, 75 days working 
capital cycle, we can manage it even in this year also.  
Dr. Bondada Raghavendra Rao:  Rahil, I think as five times working capital management in EPC is not a 
small thing actually. I think we are managing it well and same time 
perhaps actually what we have to focus on is collection of our 
debtors. So, in fact if you see my debtors closing is falling down 
falling from almost 80 days to now, almost around 35 days, 40 days 
to months that we are focusing on it. In fact, we our yes, we know 
that actually our financial year end our operating cash flow is 
negative. That is because of high volumes because of high revenue 
growth and in fact as I just now mentioned, our 120 crores of our 
money is with has advances with all our suppliers. If I'm not fixing my 
prices, my forwarding prices with my suppliers, so our profit, we 
cannot manage and maintain our profits. That's the reason actually 
most of my money is lying with module suppliers and the inverter 
suppliers and ITD suppliers.  
Baratam Satyanarayana:  To secure the price and even to secure the timelines, delivery 
timelines. So, we have paid advances to all these suppliers, A-class 
item suppliers particularly in solar.  
 
Rahil Mehta:   OK. 
Management:  Almost close to 120 closer advances are there with our suppliers. 
Otherwise, if you have not paid the advances to suppliers, we would 
have in a positive cash flows.  
Rahil Mehta:  Positive operating cash flow, correct, correct, correct. No Sir. 
Definitely working capital, the churning of working capital 5 times a 
year also it's a huge thing for an EPC company. Definitely I wouldn't 
disagree on that. And just the last question I had that see basically 
your trade receivables stand at 537 crores, which is 34% of our total 
turnover. So have you compared yourself with other players in the 
industry like Oriana, Waaree? What is their turnover receivables or 
turnover like?  
Management:  Rahil, we don't know whether we can discuss about other company’s 
number, the numbers that are already available in the website, you 
can check it out, but our gut feeling is compared to any other 
company we are managing better in terms of receivables here, in 
terms of percentage of receivables, we are well within our industry 
norms, regarding the numbers of other companies, maybe you 
better check with their websites actually.  
Rahil Mehta:  Correct, correct, perfect. And the last question I had was related to 
H1.  
Management:  Assuming, see, I think I had got this information. I think when we see 
one of our competitors are standing at around 32%. One of our 
standing at almost around 65%.  
Rahil Mehta:    OK.   
Management:    But you can you can compare. You can compare because.  
Rahil Mehta:  Yeah. Because from my understanding I think yeah, we had a very 
good I think we are standing at a very good level right now and just 
yeah.  
Management:  We have the numbers in place, Rahil. If you can share your number 
with us, we will be able to share the entire information, maybe on a 
one-to-one basis.  
Rahil Mehta:  Perfect, Sir. Perfect. I'll do that, Sir. Thank you so much for your 
patience and answering the questions. Thank you so much.  
Management:    Thank you. Thank you so much.  
Moderator:  Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Darshit Shah 
from Nirvana Capital. Please go ahead.  
 
Darshit Shah:  Yes, Sir. Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations for a good 
set of numbers. Sir, I just wanted to know, we are diversifying into 
fields like railways, predominantly into Kavach and we understand 
the opportunity size in Kavach installations are quite big. So, can you 
just throw more light on how big this can be for us? And are the 
margins relatively better than what we are doing in solar and 
telecom?  
Management:  Yes, yes. Actually, as you know the budget numbers are very 
promising by Indian Railways for the safety projects, not only for 
Kavach, even that installation of crash barriers along the along the 
train route high speed routes and then especially this Kavach 2.0 
installations. So, but in Kavach 2.0, we are not the core equipment 
supplier, we are the system integrator for there are private 
communication network. Thereby it means we have to provide their 
entire telecom network along with their base side of railway tracks. 
So, our job is to construct power and connecting each tower and 
each railway station with fiber and create an exclusive private 
network for Indian Railways. That is our job and another factor which 
we are looking in the railways is supply and installation of crash 
barriers along the side of high-speed train routes, these tenders are 
coming very regularly and very heavily and we are well qualified for 
these standards we are participating as a first order, we got some 
South-Central Railway 228 crores and this Kavach infra project too 
and almost around 600 crores worth of tenders, we have 
participated in the last minute tenders are in pipeline. As far as the 
business growth is concerned. Actually, every year, Indian Railway is 
going to spend almost around Rs.10,000 crores on safety projects. So 
even if I am able to do around 3-4 percent is also out of that, it's a 
huge, huge business for next to 5 to 10 years, you have just started 
now railways and we are expecting to grow almost like we want to 
take this division also as like as our telecom and solar maybe down 
the line, it may go up to 20%, 25% of our revenue contribution. 
Coming back to the margins, yes, definitely better margin than solar 
EPC and telecom projects, better margins than these two segments.  
Management:  So, although competition is there also, but still right now the trend is 
good margins.  
Darshit Shah:  And Sir, on the order books front, we have around Rs.5000 plus crore 
kind of order book. And most of the order book you said probably 
would be executed in next 12 to 18 months. So, I mean, are we on 
track to kind of execute this number? So, this would probably mean 
almost close to doubling our revenue this year.  
 
Management:  Yeah. Revenue growth is more or less same actually whatever we 
have done last year, but growth is similar growth, we are trying to 
manage. We are trying to manage revenue growth, not a problem 
because actually even if you don't want also you have to deliver as 
per the contractual terms you have to deliver these projects and for 
coming here also a huge amount of tendering and the orders are in 
pipeline, ordering and tenders are in pipeline so maybe almost 
around Rs.6000 crores worth of orders we are eyeing to get that 
confirmed order book to add in order book. So, we may end up 
maybe around Rs.8000 crores after delivering of this year revenues 
around Rs.8000-8500 of order was by end of this financial year.  
Darshit Shah:  Got it. That's really great to hear, Sir. And just lastly on the receivable 
front, you said almost all the receivables on the March end would be 
collected by June. Is that right?  
Management:  Exactly. Exactly, because actually these invoices are raised in 
February and March only. Those are maturing in April, May and June 
depends upon the milestone payments.  
Darshit Shah:  Great, Sir. Thank you. All the best, the way you are executing, it's 
quite phenomenal to see you know you grow this way.  
Management:    Thank you, dear. Thank you. Thank you so much, dear.  
Darshit Shah:    Thank you.  
Moderator:  We have our next question from the line of Hardik Gandhi from HPG 
shares and securities. Please go ahead.  
Hardik Gandhi:  Congratulations on a good set of numbers, exceptional result. 2 
questions from my side. Just first on the order pipeline. So right now, 
the last big order which we got, I think so from was from Odisha 
government for 350 crores, correct?  
Management:    From? What is the government?  
Hardik Gandhi:    For the solar EPC.  
Management:  No, not Odisha government, not. We're not working with any worker 
government. I think you must be referring some other competitor. 
You just check.  
Hardik Gandhi:  No, I think so. Sorry might have confused, but just to have an idea on 
the future order flow, because are you seeing any orders slowdown 
going forward because I as far as I can see, me majority of our order 
on solar EPC will get completed within a year, year and a half time. 
Right. So, is there a slowdown which you're seeing in solar EPC 
contracts?  
 
Management:  No, no. There is no slowdown at all actually, even solar, EPC, we are 
now participating as a public sector company, NTPC and NHPC, 
Damodar Valley Corporation, GUVNL all these many public sector 
companies we are participating tender and also there is no slowdown 
at all. Even in telecom also, even private customers, Adani is in very 
serious discussions with us. There RE business for EPC, so even few 
other developers, private developers, but also are in discussion with 
us. So, there is no slowdown or there is no nothing but actually, it is 
other order book are tendering processes. Even in telecom also, we 
are working on very 2-3 large tenders, 1 is GFGNL and the second 
one is again this extension is 4G saturation also. That is another 
almost around 6000 towers tender is already there. There's no 
slowdown, boss.  
Hardik Gandhi:  Understood. And the second one was on the BESS and the IPP. So 
just on the BESS I wanted to know some economics about it. So, if we 
are executing roughly 100 MW hour BESS, right, what is the average 
contract cost of that?  
Management:  Yeah, that's actually again, you have these two types. One is CapEx 
model, 1 is this TPC model CapEx model, is that actually which you 
have to invest and then you take the rentals from the developer or 
the customer for next 12 years, that is the standard model which is 
happening, that is the Viability Gap Fund, VJF is also there for such 
kind of projects and currently even standalone EPC contracts are also 
coming, which are similar to the any other EPC contract. But this 
beauty of Viability Gap Funding project you have to install the base 
and then you have to maintain and you have to collect from 
customers per MW hour rental per month, Cost of this installation is 
anything 1.8 crore to 2 crores per MW.  
Hardik Gandhi:    Per year?  
Management:    Per year. 
Hardik Gandhi:  OK, so just to understand, so the cost they will be providing in the 
cost of manufacturing and then post manufacturing, they'll provide 
you the rental for operation or they will just be providing you the 
rental for operation and cost you have to bear as a whole by 
yourself?  
Management:  No. As a CapEx model, we have to bear entire cost, one time cost and 
they will pay the per month per MW. What I told 1.8 to 2 crores is 
per MW hour installation cost, that is supply and installation cost.  
Hardik Gandhi:    Understood. And we are under this CapEx model or we are in the EPC 
model?  
 
Management:    Both. We are there in both model, we are mix of both models.  
Management:  As of now, whatever order we have is CapEx, whatever the 1st order 
we got is in the CapEx model and we are also.  
Hardik Gandhi:    The 50 MW order is that correct?  
Management:    Yeah, 50MW order and we are also participating lot of EPC orders 
also. 
Hardik Gandhi:  And in the IPP what are we doing? I saw the target of 2 GW IPP so 
approximate execution timeline for that IPP or have we already 
started on that side?  
Management:  Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We have 2 GW target by 2030, but 
from this year, I don't think much actually. Maybe if at all it comes 
from maybe around 25 to 30 megawatts or maybe max to max 30 
MW will come because most of my process is going on, but the land 
pooling and then the connectivity approvals after making that MOUs 
with the state government, it is not that actually we are working with 
state government, we are just making MOUs with state government 
to install the plants in that territory of those states, Assam and AP. 
But it is a completely open access model. So, in terms of solar IPP, 
not much in this year, but next year and also good numbers, we are 
going to project.  
Hardik Gandhi:  Understood. What is the time to construct the BESS like 100 MW 
hour BESS contract? So, what is the execution timeline from the time 
we get the tender?  
Management:    Yeah. It is anything between 80 days to 100 days.  
Hardik Gandhi:    Is it? Is that a short like? Is that short like that?  
Management:  Where you said is the container solutions now only thing is actually 
right now, we don't have that to complete BESS manufacturing 
capability in India, we have to import batteries and then container is 
here and then we have to make that BMS and EMS solutions and 
then we have to maintain we have to supply the transformers and 
other axillary items. It is a very short duration. 
Hardik Gandhi:  OK, perfect. Perfect. Understood. Thank you so much Sir. Thank you. 
All the best for the future. Thank you.  
Moderator:  Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Vinay, an 
individual investor. Please go ahead.  
Vinay:  Yeah. Thank you for taking my question. And I thank the 
management for a great set of numbers, but I already got the 
 
answers that I wanted to ask. So, I already have the answers. Thank 
you so much.  
Management:    Thank you. Thank you so much.  
Vinay:     I wish all the best.  
Management:    Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you.  
Moderator:  Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Nitin Gandhi 
from Inoquest Advisors. Please go ahead.  
Nitin Gandhi:  Yeah. Thank you for taking my question. I just used to understand 
this battery energy storage system. When will it start contributing to 
revenue and how you propose to scale it over next three to five 
years?  
Management: Yeah, this battery energy storage project, what we became L1 is last 
month only we are to get the LY and we are expecting today as some 
board meeting is happening in Telangana GENCO. And maybe in next 
two weeks term, we are getting the LY. Once we get the LY, we have 
the time of four months to set up this action. Normally people will 
give three months to four months to set up this, if that happens in 
next 4 to 5 months’ time, maybe next half year onwards, the then as 
the revenue will be generating here maybe at the March this year, 
we can 6 months of revenue, which is almost around 10 to 12 crores. 
But it's a lot of EPC tender also in progress. EPC tenders, we have to 
claim this is, as I mentioned in previous question, answer to previous 
question, this is a CapEx model which you will you have to invest your 
money and then take your money next 12 years’ time. So, it is a 
rental only. It will be by our IR. But we are also participating a lot of 
EPC tenders, but will fetch you the revenues. As I mentioned, the 
huge potential segment is there. This will also grow as equal as my 
solar EPC business, but not in numbers, in terms of gigawatts, it can 
grow, but actually if you see if you install one MW hour project cost 
is almost 3.5 to 4 cores in terms of solar EPC but in best 1 MW hour, 
it is almost around 1.8 crore. So, you can correlate the kind of 
business. But my target is to take it as fast as possible and equivalent 
to the solar EPC.  
Nitin Gandhi:    So, by like 2030 vision which you said 1 billion company… 
Management:    Yeah, 2030 we want to install 2 GW of this.  
Nitin Gandhi:  OK. So that will be translating into approximately Rs.25 crore per 100 
megawatts. So, whatever, correct, that's the equation? 
Management:    Yeah. Right. 
 
Nitin Gandhi:  Yeah. OK. And the second now coming to the Indian Railway, where 
do you see that business can be scaled up like can it be 3-4 times in 
five years’ time frame? How do you think what is your action plan to 
scale it to those thousand crore revenues?  
Management:  Yeah, right now actually out of this Rs.228 crores, we are going to 
exit almost around a Rs.100-120 crores in this year, in this financial 
year, we will also take this business maybe around Rs.600-500 crores 
business by 2030 per annum.  
Nitin Gandhi:  Yeah, I understand that. So, when you share that Rs.2600 crores 
revenue target, Railway Rs.100 is to be yet to be added, right? 
Because you said Rs.1800 will come from solar, telecom will give 
approximately 25% of Rs.600 and products will give some around 
250. So, railways.. 
Management:    You’re right, yeah, railways needs to be added.  
Nitin Gandhi:  Yeah, OK, fine. And as far as products is concerned, what is your 
visibility?  
Moderator:  Sorry to interrupt, Sir, will you please request you to rejoin the 
queue?  
Nitin Gandhi:  Now this is just continuation of single question and breaks. That's all. 
This is the last question this in products.  
Management:    Please continue.  
Nitin Gandhi:  Yeah. So, products, can you share similar way what is your growth 
plan? How do you propose to scale it up over three to five years? 
Management:  It is already answered, this product, whatever is there every year we 
will have a revenue growth of anything in between 35 to 40% on a 
conservative basis again. So, all these products will grow at a 35-40% 
growth year on year at least till 2030.  
Nitin Gandhi:  No, I don't wish to have the numbers here. I will take it relating to 
products. What are the development plans, BLDC, what you propose 
to take it forward, IMS, how big it can be, LED lightings in industrial, 
can it be big picture? So just wanted those thoughts.  
Management:  OK, got the point. The very product huge growth potential is there, 
yeah, whether it is energy efficient product like our building materials 
or LED and LED basically we are basically we are the suppliers of solar 
streetlight smart LED lights providers, so almost all the governments 
are coming with coming up with the trend like that. So, we are 
eligible and we are participating these solar street lights and BLDC 
motors also, we are coming up with one good solution which is 
 
required for even weather monitoring stations and even drones also 
that also has very good potential is there as the overall this all 
subsidiaries will grow at 30 to 35% year on year growth.  
Management:  Nitin ji, what we can do. Yeah, we have an elaborate answer for this. 
In the interest of time, what we can do, if you can call me or Ramesh 
on 1 to 1, we will explain you in detail product wise, we can explain 
you each and everything. Thank you.  
Moderator:  Thank you. We have our next question from Suryanarayan from 
Sunidhi Securities. Please go ahead.  
Surayanarayan:  Thank you for giving me the opportunity. My questions are three. 
One is related to telecom. Just to understand that we had actually 
good share for revenue in our revenue stream for it has come down. 
So just to understand whether the 4G to 5G migration has led to the 
tower intensity and that has led to the lower revenue? And secondly 
recently have we Middle Mile network, you know projects has been 
awarded to a lot of EPC company. So where are those projects less 
margin equity for which we have participated and secondly in terms 
of the solar power, just to understand, because the kind of order 
flow that was visible last year, is it that that due to the election last 
year, the general election last year, the finalization of orders of the 
PSUs got delayed and that is why the auto flow is little bit tampered?  
Management:  Mr. Surya, I think you're asking me that actually the revenue going 
down from the CapEx, revenue means it is the CapEx of 4G to 5G 
CapEx investment for less, that’s what you are asking? 
Surayanarayan:   Yeah.  
Management:  Yes, your point is correct, but actually yes, there is the overall as the 
operators there is a slowdown in 5G, they have covered the Tier 1, 
Tier 2 cities, but they are not expanding into the Tier 3 cities of 
5G. But CapEx deployment is less, but actually you need to deploy 
more number of sites, more number of towers, whether it is a tower 
or there is a pole you have to deploy in to cover that actually 5 
kilometers radius. If you need 4G tower three. But whereas in 5G you 
need almost 7 towers. So more or less same but only thing is actually 
deployment of 5G is slow down in remote locations because fiber is 
not reaching there because 5G predominantly works on fiber so now 
fiber rollouts are happening. So, this 5G will come in in near future 
also for those 3-Tier towns and even remote locations. Coming up 
with the BharatNet Phase III, we almost we are not secure but either 
because actually almost we have participated majority of the 
packages, but we're almost to standing at L2 L3, but few whoever is 
that this address, they're also discussing with us to tie up pan some, 
 
some portion of your work, maybe that may mature in next maybe 
one or two months that is about the BharatNet Phase III. But 
whereas in telecom itself this our whatever we are executing that 4G 
saturation project, that extension project is coming up but also, we 
are going to participate and the state led fiber companies are there 
like Gujarat, UP, Telangana and Maha GENCO. They are also coming 
up with huge tenders that also we are going to participate. And one 
good point that actually Microsoft is coming up with a lot of data 
centers. We are already empaneled with Microsoft recently and it's a 
huge process. Getting the empowerment with Microsoft, we are 
going to manage Microsoft data centers in Hyderabad very, very 
soon actually maybe next one or two months we are going to sign 
the agreement. Once we get into the operational of their data 
centers, most probably we may also get into the conception of the 
data centers. This is about telecom business. 
Surayanarayan: This 4 of 4G in BS and 4G saturation projection of BSNL has finished 
or it is still there?  
Management:  It is there. Till up to category 4, it is finished. Category 5 and category 
6 sites another further category coming.  
Surayanarayan: OK. And what about the evolving technology of what 6G what we 
knew about Bharti and Jio, they are talking of any kind of scope for 
there in near term or it is not there?  
Management:    Which one?  
Surayanarayan:   6G.  
Management:  Now only the testing is happening in 6G Laboratories only. 6G it will 
take time, because actually even the spectrum is also not action for 
6G. 5G itself is not implemented properly in India. 5G will take 
another 1 and a half year to implement 100 percent across the 
country.  
Surayanarayan: OK. And regarding the order flow details, last year with the election, 
so when are you going to see that for the order, whatever the 
tenders we have participation?  
Management:  I don't know why you are getting that feeling is huge, something is 
happening but it has its own process. There is no slowdown 
anywhere. If you see that, even if you go and see that NTPC portals 
or any other government portals, thousands of crores of worth of 
tenders are there. There is no slowdown. I don't think for our 
renewable energy or our telecom or even the railways, if you see 
that actually we are all there in essential services segments. These 
are all essential services, whether general elections comes or 
 
whether war comes. These services are not going to stop or these 
projects are not going to wait.  
Surayanarayan: So, interceptor railways out of around 67,000 plane kilometers of 
Indian Railways, highlighted around close to 20,000 kilometers of 
mandate has been given for safety installation. So, what is actually 
and the ground is happening that no, are we there is my 
understanding is that railway is giving only piece meal basis of few 
hundred kilometers to different parties. So, the core cover 
installation and resulted to observers are flowing to people like us so. 
So, when are you expecting that the railways will be giving you know 
bigger length kilometers orders to different parties?  
Management:  I think railways has a very decentralized model actually, they have 
their general concept and section concepts under railway zones also, 
each zone is acting as a one company in Indian Railways. So, they 
have section wise also whatever that whether it is a safety of crash 
barriers or whether it is an implementation of Kavach projects, it is a 
section wise only. Section wise tenders are coming. We are also 
participating in most of the tenders but only thing is yes here actually 
railway tendering processes bit slow compared to the renewable 
energy and telecom because actually once we submit the tender, 
they will take two months to evaluate the tender thereafter another 
they will take another two months to give the L1, but that's what is 
happening. It is not that you that is happening, but it will be their 
process time and then it's still happening so but otherwise the huge 
tenders are coming in both, safety process and railways each and 
every journal again, dividing into the segment Section 2 and each 
section wise they're releasing the tenders.  
Surayanarayan:   Thank you, Sir, and good luck for the future.  
Management:    Yeah. Thank you.  
Moderator:  Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Mohit Khan 
from Khan and Company. Please go ahead.  
Mohit Khan:  Good evening. So, this current year order book stands at Rs.5044 
crores but our guidance was for Rs.8500 crores. Can you please tell 
me, Sir, where we fell short? Like was it in solar or telecom and for 
this year Sir, can you share? I mean how much is the order book we 
are targeting segment wise? So how much is the order book we are 
targeting for telecom, how much is it for renewable energy and how 
much for this railways is this September 25 and March 2026?  
Management:  March 2026 number already I told actually we are going to close the 
order book of anything between around Rs.8000 to 8500 crores by 
March 2026 after recognizing the revenue of this year. So again, 
 
there also, I think we will be ending up with around Rs.4000 crores of 
approximately for solar EPC and maybe around Rs.500 crores of BESS 
and around Rs.1000 to Rs.1200 crores of telecom and the rest is the 
products and railways.  
Mohit Khan:  And I’ve seen your photo with Jeet Adani, Sir. So, when can we 
expect any orders from Adani?  
Management:  We are in very serious discussions with Adani and they are evaluating 
our capabilities and evaluating our profile and you will see that 
techniques all subject to the again commercial negotiations in the 
commercials. So, Adani works in different way. They don't give 100% 
full EPC because they have their own products like they have, they 
use their own panels, they use their own other equipment. So, and 
what commercials working out we will be accepting the addresses 
but they have huge requirement and we are also seeing that the see 
the potential is there with Adani customer. But we'll come back to 
you soon as the discussions are with you.  
Mohit Khan:  Yes. And so, we also executed the game changer order to $2.1 million 
last year and you said in the interview that we are also expecting $10 
million order from them. So, like are we expecting?  
Management:  Yeah, yeah, that actually successfully we have completed that game 
change order, we have successfully completed well within the time 
with highest quality standards. That's what actually game change has 
given us the 10 out of 10 complete order closing process, order 
closure policy. But this repeat order of game changer is a little bit 
hard because of Trump importing the import duties on steel 
structures from India. They are now evaluating and pursuing the 
cases but repeat orders are not yet come, but we are waiting. How 
what action they will take. Are they going to manufacture in-house or 
not; I don't think it is possible but how they are going to go and are 
they going to negotiate with their end customers of game changing 
so for timing, it is in halt. We are not perceived any repeat order 
from game change.  
Mohit Khan:  You also acquired the Speck Systems Limited recently Sir like is it like 
plans to enter into defense sector or what is the plan regarding that?  
Management:  No tech system with the NCLD company. We have taken this 
company for the purpose of effects actually affect only because 
actually one very big effect near to our office is there actually, which 
we want to expand our office. At this point of time, not getting into 
the defense segment and also whatever that speck products are, 
there are out outdated actually with that product range actually we 
 
may not be able to do anything in. It is not the purpose of business. It 
is for to acquire the assets.  
Mohit Khan:  And so, we're going through the financial statement segment 
revenue and segment results section. So, in that EPC contributed 
Rs.1016 cores of revenue and margin was Rs.120 crores profit. So 
that is 11.89% margin and our services contributed Rs.396 crores 
revenue and profit was Rs.390.21 crores, margin was 9.89%. So why 
our services is contributing lower margin compared to EPC because 
normally services contribute higher margin, right?  
Management:  Yeah, I think you might be referring to our operating segments 
results, right?  
Mohit Khan:    Yeah. In the financial statements. 
Management:  So basically, if you say, I think you are convinced. In terms of services, 
what happened is actually out of the total services is 70% of the 
revenue contribution coming from Reliance Jio contract where we 
have almost 7 and a 1/2 to 8 crore revenue per month for managing 
their entire Telangana network. In Reliance Jio, we don't have much 
of margins here. They generally give anything in between 5 to 7% 
only. They don't give more than that because of that actually, that 
services revenue and services contribution is only limited to 9% 
overall.  
Mohit Khan:    And now that is actually, that is, last year is only the predominant.  
Moderator:  Sorry to interrupt, Sir. May we please request you to rejoin the 
queue?  
Mohit Khan:    Yeah.  
Moderator:  Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Rahil Shah 
from Crown Capital. Please go ahead.  
Rahil Shah:    Hi, good evening, Sir. Can you hear me?  
Management:    Yeah, good evening.  
Rahil Shah:  There is this one question. You've given your outlook and guidance. 
The business model is ready for Rs.2600 crores or plus for this year 
with similar margins. But what can one expect beyond a FY26 for 
next two to three years, growth rate and any margin improvements?  
Management:  In terms of revenue, we feel we will maintain the same CAGR for next 
three to five years Rahil ji. In terms of revenue and profitability as of 
now, we are pretty sure, of maintaining the same profitability and if 
we secure better orders or if we add IPP projects, definitely our 
margin portfolio will also definitely will increase.  
 
Rahil Shah:  That CAGR you mention is like 50-60 percent or the one you did this 
year?  
Management:    Yeah, 50-60 percent. 
Rahil Shah:    50 to 60%. 
Management:  It is a compounded growth of last 10 years what we are sure of 
continuing the same thing till 2030. If at all we want to maintain that 
we have to double the revenue.  
Rahil Shah:    Got it. OK, thank you and all the best.  
Management:    Thank you. Thank you so much.  
Moderator:  Thank you. We have a follow up question from the line of Rabindra 
Nath from Sunidhi securities. Please go ahead.  
Rabindra Nath:  Hello. So, in terms of battery storage, who is the battery supplier or 
working with?  
Management:  Yeah, one is G power, which is Chennai based company and we are 
also working with 3-4 other people. Again in terms of all these 
people, again how to bring it from China only, In China, Goshen 
Energy is there and so right now, it is we are tied up with G power.  
Rabindra Nath:  OK. OK. And what Sir, the working capital need, you mentioned that 
Rs.700 crores of railway business you are expiring by 2030. So, what 
is the working capital need is similar to solar EPC or it is better than 
solar EPC?  
Management:  Better than solar EPC. You can take out the average telecom or solar 
or the railways even more or less same. In fact, actually if you stand 
alone, it is better than that better than solar.  
Rabindra Nath:  OK. And Sir, the any development in the Gensol orders you are 
hearing anything from, can you please guide us something on that?  
Management:  Yeah, I think Gensol orders are whatever that orders you Gensol got 
actually government is trying to re tender under those orders 
actually we are in race.  
Rabindra Nath:  OK. OK. And Sir, you mentioned the serious data center business of 
Microsoft. What is the total MW of the data center business in 
Hyderabad and what is the revenue potential you are looking at?  
Management:  Yeah, actually they have here two data centers, each one is 25 MW 
of that capacity that they're using right now we are talking about 
only the services part actually maintaining of data centers, network 
availability, power availability 24 by 7 at 99.99% level. So, once we 
get into that contract in Microsoft slowly we will also show our 
 
capabilities and see that actually of data centers at Microsoft, how 
we can construct in future.  
Rabindra Nath:    OK, you will construct the data center, so you said that you will.  
Management:  In future, right now, with the right now, it is the operational moment 
right now it is an operational & maintenance only.  
Rabindra Nath:  So, what is the revenue? I'm just asking what is the potential revenue 
you're looking at from this? 
Management:  I think yeah for data center per month is coming around 70 lakhs. 
Actually, we will we will come back very soon actually. We will come 
back to you. 
Rabindra Nath:    For the 25 MW data center you mean to say? 
Management:    Yeah. 
Rabindra Nath:    One data center.  
Management:    Yeah, correct. Correct.  
Rabindra Nath:    OK. Thank you, Sir. All the best.  
Moderator:  Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Mohit Khan 
from Khan and Company. Please go ahead.  
Mohit Khan:  Yes, Sir. So, you were explaining about why our services margins are 
lower and you interrupted?  
Management:  Yeah, that's what I told you no, after the total services composition, 
70% of the services revenue is coming from Reliance Jio and with 
Reliance Jio, we have an operating margin of 7 to 8%. Yeah, that's the 
reason actually, overall services, we have a 9%.  
Management:  Yeah, that is the last year scenario. But this year is going to be 
changed because my BSNL 4G saturation project to O&M is also 
getting started because project is completed recently. This O&M of 
4G saturation of this you see a revenue of services revenue which is 
having very good margin, no, maybe, maybe, definitely we will 
maintain that services margin also from this. 
Mohit Khan:    OK and these places are expecting revenue of 3000 crores, right?  
Management:  So, you can we are maintaining the same growth here. You can make 
it why you are asking me in both and call the revenue you know that 
actually we are not supposed to declare the numbers but we are 
confident of making similar growth of last year.  
Mohit Khan:    Oh, Sir. Great. Thank you. Thank you so much.  
 
Management:    Yeah, thank you. Thank you so much.  
Moderator:  Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that would be the last question for 
today. And I now hand the conference over to the management for 
closing comments.  
Management:  Yeah. So, thank you very much Concept IR for arranging this call. My 
sincere thanks to the all the people who supported. I would like to 
thank all the participants who have deep interest in our company and 
taken time out to join the call and cheer us out. I would like to 
reassure you that you shall be kept abreast of all the latest 
development of the company's activities, robust financials and 
management execution capabilities. If you have any further queries, 
we would request you to please reach out to us and we shall ensure 
all your queries and points will be addressed at the earliest. Thank 
you once again for all the analysts who participated in this call.  
Moderator:  Thank you. On behalf of Bondada Engineering Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines.  
 