1 “Transport Corporation of India Limited H1 Investor Conference Call FY 2026” Oct 30, 2025 MANAGEMENT: MR. VINEET AGARWAL : MANAGING DIRECTOR MR. ASHISH TIWARI
: GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER MODERATOR: Ms. SIMRAN SHARMA : INVESTOR RELATIONS Ms. Simran Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. We will begin with the session
shortly. Ms. Simran Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I am Ms. Simran, the moderator, and I would like to extend a warm welcome to everyone joining us for the
TCIL H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call. On behalf of the management, we have with us Mr. Vineet Agrawal, Managing Director, and Mr. Ashish Tiwari, Group CFO. All
participants are in listen-only mode. Please note that this call is being recorded. With that, I now invite Mr. Ashish Tiwari to share his opening remarks.
Thank you, and over to you, Sir. Mr. Ashish Tiwari Thank you, Simran, and good evening to all of you. Thank you for taking out time and joining our quarterly
investor call. Before we start the call, I would like to make a disclaimer that some of the statements in this call may be forward-looking and may not coincide
with the actual performance.So, we will start with the presentation by Mr. Vineet Agrawal and followed by the question-answer session. I would invite Mr.
Agrawal just to present and also the opening remarks. Thank you. Mr. Vineet Agrawal Thanks, Ashish. Thanks, Simran. So, good to be back for the quarter. I can
see Alok has already raised his hand, so he's already number one on the queue, but that's okay. So, maybe I should just start with questions only, but no, let
me give some opening remarks and then share, also share what's been happening over the quarter. So, it was an interesting quarter. I think the beginning of the
quarter, we saw some little bit of movement, July, August, and then, of course, once the announcements on GST came, things started slowing down quite rapidly,
and the first few days 2 of September, etc., were quite weak. Then, of course, after 22nd of September, we saw a massive rush from either from the automotive
side or from the finished goods and the FMCG side, and just the amount of movement that happened just took us by surprise. In our supply chain business, we did
record numbers, and that business is our largest business now, as I have been saying, that it would happen. And essentially, what we have seen is that the
stocks that had been for sort of the inventory that was there in the system across the board, some of that got used, and now, and that too, towards the far end
of the supply chain, which is post the warehousing, where are the CNFs, etc., or the yards beyond that, some of that started getting used up. Now, we, October
also has had the same effect, but now we are seeing a weakening of the push that was there, it is not as strong as it was in the first, in this last 45 days.
But, and we do not expect November to be that great also, because I think and December perhaps to be moderated. The one thing that we're expecting things to
shift is more on the production side, where we believe that some of the raw material needed for production, and then subsequently movement from the production
units to the next stage in the supply chain is something that should happen more so in the next few months. We know capacity utilization on the industrial side
is still around 77-78%, and that needs to keep persisting before some CAPEX starts happening. The other thing that we are seeing, of course, is that there are
supply chain restructuring that's happening by companies, where they are insisting heavily on cost reduction, because I think a lot of the cost reduction
initiatives that companies had started earlier have now been exhausted, and they're looking at other areas to where they can restructure some of this cost. So,
they are on the supply chain side pushing more towards how to rationalize, maybe if it is warehousing, how to rationalize warehousing space. If it is the
network design, how can they change that? Can they look at different kinds of suppliers?How do they diversify the supply base? Some of the sentiments because of
the impending FTAs etc, is also having an impact on supply chain diversity. So, these are some of the things that we have noticed. I'll talk about some things
specifically in each of the businesses. One major impact of GST is the fact that we believe that some of the sentiments might have changed a little bit towards
the positive side, if not a little bit more than little, because there is an element of feeling that there is, we can get more out of our money or the money
spent per 100 rupees that I spend, I can get more out of it. So, at a consumption level, that can help some triggers, but it is certainly a sentiment positive.
So, let's start with the presentation. I think there's no change in terms of this. We are well aware of the Logistics Industries drivers. As a company, we are
very focused on providing a wide range of solutions through a very strategically developed multimodal network. And of course, we are increasing technology in
huge numbers in a huge way in a company. And of course, we work in all the new as well as hybrid sectors with a range of services, as you can see across the
board, and many of them very high value, high niche kind of services. And again, looking at the new sectors like chemicals, defense, aviation, industrials, we
are present in all of them as well as increasing a share very rapidly. A case study is for a renewable energy customer. This customer has just started its plant
and the amount of growth that it was having and the amount of throughput it was generating from its plant was very high for the road to catch up because they
were moving most of the supply through the road network. 3 So, that was leading to shortages of trucks as well as the freight rates were also moving up because
of the demand supply gap. Clearly, this was also leading to more carbon emissions as well. And the warehouses were not able to keep up because there was so much
capacity, so much raw material that was coming in as so much finished goods that were ready.And of course, there was incompatibility with the types of raw
materials that they have, which is like chemicals and other products that are there along with these chips, the solar modules, etc. So, we started moving from
South India to North India using container rail movements as well as we're using a triple mode, which is using our coastal services and moving it to across the
country wherever they needed, mostly it's going to the north. We have settled a key manager, key account manager there and we're managing warehouses across six
locations, including a cold chain warehouse for them. And of course, the customer has seen about a 10 odd percent type of improvement in their cost as well as
multimodal movement has reduced their carbon emissions. So, this was a solution that we were able to do because of the wide range of services that we have and
that is unique to us and no other company in this country. Going forward, we have another interesting case study for a quick commerce company where they
required several deliveries from minus 15 to minus 20 across the different pods, that is point of deliveries that they had. In the past, when you're moving at
such high degree, high precision in terms of temperature, you tend to lose the heat, so you generate heat and hence you lose the cooling effect. So, as you can
see the yellow graph, the temperature kept going up as the deliveries kept increasing as you move from one to the last one. So, we did some significant kaizen
where we were able to create inside the truck separate cold chambers so that the temperature is maintained till the desired temperature range is maintained till
the last point. And replacement has reduced substantially because customers are there at the POD level, they're seeing that the integrity of the material is
maintained when they receive the final material also. So, it has been a very very interesting supply chain development where we are able to use cold chain to do
this very effectively. Again, these are places where we are able to deliver very high degree of customer satisfaction as well as retention. As a company, I
think some of this is perhaps mentioned and known, single window solutions as well as bringing in all kinds of niche services to the customers. In terms of
multimodal capabilities, we have been continuously expanding that. On the rail side, if you see, we have increased our rail movement substantially. We did 1400
plus movements last quarter, last half year versus 1168. So, a substantial jump that we have had a lot of it is in the automotive side. On the left-hand corner
is the container movement. The TEUs handled in the last half yearly is about another 5-7% increase over the last year, as well as the number of cars handled,
CBU that is, has also increased from 172,000 to about 190,000 in the last year and a half. We continue to manage about 67 yards and about 70 terminals, and we
have saved about 90,000 tons of CO2. In terms of IT capabilities, we have now, our center of excellence is now working, has been working for several months on
several interesting AI ML projects. And perhaps next time around in the presentation, we will show you example of one or two very interesting AI projects. These
are essentially areas that we have seen that have really a significant improvement when it comes to manpower productivity, as well as in terms of process
improvement. So, 4 We been able to implement some of these quite efficiently. And of course, the rest of the things are hygiene as we go forward. Mentioned
about all the high growth sectors we're presenting, I think this is known, let's go forward. Highlights in terms of the quarter ended is that we have had 21,
21st consecutive quarter of growth. We have invested about 170 crores in the last quarter, in the last six months. And out of that 140 has come from internal
accruals. Liquidity position remains steady at 250 odd crores. In the freight business, it is remains a bit weak still, we have had no growth. The good thing
here is that the shift from FTL to LTL has started. And we have seen a two percentage point improvement there to 38%. Margins have yet to kick in because some
cost structures are still under process. We have also some of the growth was subdued because a few contracts were shifted to the TCI Chemlog business. This had
to happen at some point in time and it happened in this last quarter. So, the growth is muted. It would have had an impact of two, three percent, about one or
two percent in terms of the top two percent, additional on the top line growth. Challenges remain. However, we are seeing, as I have been saying, that this year
perhaps is the end of perhaps hitting the bottom and we are going to see an uptick here going forward. Otherwise, the challenges around MSME growth, etc. remain
in the system. I think that is still known. Our network expansion continues, though we have not added too many branches this quarter. But in the first half, the
branch network is definitely higher than last year also. (Pause) On the supply chain side, the business has grown at about 17.8% over the quarter and about 14%
on the half yearly basis. As I said that the impact of GST rate nationalization has been immense and we have been able to push through a lot of these quite
rapidly. The movement has been handled quite rapidly and quite efficiently. We have also seen good growth in warehousing, where the warehousing growth is
actually far higher than the overall growth. And most of it is coming from QuickCommerce, a lot of it is coming from QuickCommerce. FMCG companies
restructuring, some retail customers coming in, and we are seeing that the margins are stable. Capital employed has gone up because we have added about 100 odd
trucks as part of the CapEx plan. In seaways, we had one, several few less voyages because of ships were under dry dock, one also in the last quarter. The
growth in margins, even though the revenue growth has been negative, is because of the fuel prices being slightly lower. I think that has helped us, even with
the limited volume, we have been able to get better margins. Of course, all the ships are depreciated and we do not have any interest costs etc. So, everything
that we earn at the EBITDA level, almost everything goes down to the bottom line. The joint ventures have done reasonably well. In the first half, Concor has
grown by about 28%. Profitability is a little tight, but I think it's also because of the various changes that are coming forward slowly with also competition
increasing a little bit more. The likes of Adani and DP World etc. are increasing their presence in the container transportation business. Coal chain business
grew at about 17 odd percent. Again, good traction there. We have crossed about 100 crores in terms of capital employed. We have got some interesting customers
on the quick 5 commerce as well as on the retail side as well. Profitability is muted, but I think this is expected for the next few quarters. Transystem growth
is at about 11% and profitability is almost the same. At a standalone level, we grew at about 5% odd, but the console level is about 7.6% for the quarter. The
PAT level growth for the quarter is about 6.4% and 5.8% at the console level. Again, it's been a muted quarter for us because the start had been slightly weak.
We started to pick up towards the second half of the quarter, but net, I think in terms of our guidance of 10 to 12% on the top line, about 10 to 15% on the
bottom line at a console level with stats. In terms of the other numbers, I think ROCE, RONY, everything else is the same, not much change. Next slide. And this
quarter, we did not declare any dividend, but we are observing the trends and we will figure out when to declare dividends perhaps in the next quarter or
subsequently. CapEx of 167 crores in the first half. The budget is 450 crores. I think as I have been saying, we should get to around 400-ish crores plus minus
20 crores. The ship related costs have been essentially related to the two orders that we placed and those orders are, these are the installments of those
orders. So, that has gone in terms of the 34 crores that has been spent. We have seen the good addition in trucks and rakes and we have ordered two rakes also,
which will come sometime end of next year. That's all in terms of our presentation. Happy to take questions. Thank you. Ms. Simran Thank you, sir, for sharing
your valuable insight. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question and answer session. If you have any questions, please use the raise hand
feature. When called on, kindly start by stating your name and organization before asking your question. Our first question is from Mr. Alok Deora. Sir, please
go ahead. Mr. Alok Deora Hello. Yeah, good evening and thanks for the detailed presentation. So, I just had a couple of questions.First, on the freight
business, I mean, you know, the margins have been pretty muted even, you know, if you observe the last several quarters. So, just wanted to understand if things
change for the better and if we get even a higher LTL mix, where these margins could end up? I mean, what is the potential for these margins? Because this
segment forms pretty big part of our overall, you know, business. So, just some color on that because this at the end of the day continues to be a commoditized
business. So, are we seeing any real margin changes here or it would be just maybe a 50 to 100 basis points improvement, maybe one year down the line? That is
number one. Right. Mr. Vineet Agrawal So, on that, Alok, the peak margins in this business have been, I think, four and a half percent EBIDTA. So, that is the
peak. However, as you rightly said, maybe it is going to inch up and not jump up. So, in the next year onwards, we should see that inching up starting with 100
basis points, etc., type of improvement. 6 Secondly, it is about 40 percent of our standalone business and even lower percentage of our consolidated business.
So, as a share of the business, it is going down, as you can see. And, you know, there is not many assets in this business. I mean, very, there are no assets,
actually, really, only working capital is what we require here. And the rest of it is rentals,etc that is from a shared services perspective. So, ROCE will
continue to remain attractive, 15 percent plus. If you are hitting that, I think we are definitely looking at continuous recycling of that. However, the moment
the LTL business starts kicking in further, that ROC has jumped, as you can also see in 2022 and 23 to 27 percent and, actually, just put it on a full slide,
please, on 27, 20 percent. So, that 20, 25 percent ranges can be achieved. Mr. Alok Deora And in series, I mean, the margins, you know, again, continue to inch
up. I mean, we have been seeing a quarter by quarter improvement, again, in the margin profile. So, you know, the, which margins, which were to normalize almost
like one year back, that has kind of, I mean, not come down, rather has gone up, despite the lower revenues, if you compare it with the last few quarters. So,
what's really happening there is, are these margins sustainable? And if these margins sustain, or we have a very strong outlook, then what's happening on the
second-hand ship, because that could earn us quite good money, you know, if those, if that ship also were to come by and get into the operations very quickly.
Mr. Vineet Agarwal Well, second-hand ship is not easy to get. We, as I have been saying, that we have been trying very hard. We bid for a few ships also, we did
not get, because they kept going up in terms of pricing. So, very, very unpredictable. And I think geopolitics plays a big part of this, in this. So, we are not
very hopeful on the second-hand, we are definitely sure of the new ships that will come next year. We also have a little bit of a time till we are, we need to
retire some of the ships. So, in that context, capacity addition will only be positive whenever that happens next year. Margins, as I say that, you know,
sometimes we are also quite surprised sometimes, but this 35-40% is our expected margin structure is what, is what we feel is, is perhaps the most ideal number.
Mr. Alok Deora Sure. Thank you. Thank you so much, sir. All the best. Thank you. Mr. Vineet Agarwal Thank you. 7 Ms. Simran Thank you, sir. The next question is
from Mr. Krupashankar. Sir, please go ahead. Mr. Krupashankar Hi, good evening and thank you for the opportunity. My first question was on the revenue side. So,
Vinit, you did mention that you're at, aspiring for a 10-12% growth on the top-line side for the full year, but on the first half, it's been almost about 5%
sort of a growth. So, the second half expectations while supply chain is firing all engines, what are the other segments, because seaways, you're not getting
incremental capacities. So, is it right to assume that freight would bounce back sharply and that is what will drive your top-line growth expectation? Mr.
Vineet Agarwal So, maybe I can hide behind some of the fine print, which is whether it is consolidated growth or whether it is standalone growth of 10-12%. So,
at a console level, it is about 8%. So, we should hit 12%, 10-12% in that because our Concor business is also growing. It's already a 27-28% increase and the
other joint ventures are also firing all cylinders. But yeah, I think, if you look at a standalone level, perhaps 8-10% might be more reasonable and at a
console level, maybe 12-ish percent could be more reasonable. Mr. Krupashankar On the seaways side, any near-term headwinds that you are envisaging with respect
to fuel cost or any other incremental capacities coming on board, which can postpone with respect to profitability or growth perhaps? Mr. Vineet Agarwal No, not
really. I think, headwinds are essentially, typically, Ashish, can you move that the top part of the screen or just move it to full screen, please? See, I
think, if the freight rates globally have muted a little bit, but freight rates around the Indian coast is typically still high. So, I think, what typically
that happens is that there is some of the international players that have moved some ships to international waters tend to bring it back to India and that could
happen and that could be a potential headwind. But in terms of capacity utilization, we had full capacity. We do not have, I mean, we have cargo, but we do not
have capacity.So, we are, of course, second-hand ship still does not make sense with the kind of pricing because you have to factor in a longer tenure for those
ships and not what you see today. So, I would think that the headwind will be perhaps more competition, but the next few months is typically the good period
also. So, maybe we should be able to sustain from both from a demand perspective and from whatever supply comes in. Mr. Krupashankar Thank you. Thank you. 8 Ms.
Simran Thank you, sir. The next question is from Mr. Sunil. Sir, please go ahead. Mr. Sunil Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Mr. Vineet Agarwal Thank you.
Please go ahead.. Mr. Sunil So, broadly speaking, you always, as a long-term industry, what is impressive is the way you put a case study, the way you create a
long-term relationship and bonding with your customer and stickiness. So, I just wanted to understand which are the factors other than pricing where customer
leaves us and whether they leave for just prices or they create their own setup and they learn from us. What are the factors which you will be careful about or
your experience talks about that our customers leave us and we lose the business? Mr. Vineet Agarwal Yeah, well, yeah, our analysis is that 60-70% of the
customers leave us because of pricing. Then, of course, no company is perfect. If I can tell you that every person everywhere is perfect and is we do not lose
because of our behavior towards the customer, I will be wrong. It happens in all organizations. So, some of it happens in our organization also. Sometimes we do
not realize what we do, but we do not deliver to customer's satisfaction and expectation level. So, we do certainly lose out there. Sometimes we lose out
because customers do not want to give a lot of business to us. They also want to diversify their portfolio to keep other players in the mix and they might give
us a higher pricing compared to the others, but they will still not give us the entire business because they want to keep a diversified mix. So, those are
probably the main reasons why customers leave us. In terms of solutions, the sector we have a wide range and the teams are such that they are able to orient
towards customer's needs, but sometimes we can fail also. Mr. Sunil Thank you. Ms. Simran Thank you, sir. The next question is from Mr. Naman. Sir, please go
ahead. Mr. Naman Yeah. Hi. Good evening and thanks for giving me this opportunity. 9 As most of the questions have already been answered. So, I just wanted to
know that as the company has just entered into the eastern region with a new warehouse in the Kolkata region. So, how should we expect it to affect our
financial performance? What are the company's plan in relation to this new warehouse? And if you could just give some color, it would be good for my
understanding. Mr. Vineet Agarwal Well, this is just a regular warehouse expansion that we have done. It's a 285,000 square feet facility, a very large one,
especially in the eastern zone. We did not have such a large facility there. So, we were invested into it and we bought this upstream, but it won't have a
significant impact on the company as a whole, because it's just one more capacity addition out of the 16 odd million that we have in terms of space. So, these
are small incremental things that we keep doing as part of the CapEx plan. So, yeah, I do not have any, we do not, it leads to business obviously, but will it
have a significant impact? No, not really. Mr. Naman Okay. Thank you. And just one last question. Like with the GST rate cuts coming into effect and inflation
like touching new lows, how do you see the demand trend to evolve and what are your strategies to compete with your competitors? Mr. Vineet Agarwal It's a very
broad question. I think our strategy is well known. We are multi-modal integrated, multi-modal logistic solution provider. And we are across the board in terms
of all the services that we have. And we cross sell and upsell our services to our customers. So, that's the broad strategy. With all the services we have,
customers, they are getting positively impacted by GST. They will use our services. So, overall, I think I do not see any specific broad, specific things I can
point out and tell you that, okay, this is what is going to dramatically change because of GST, but there are services that they need from us, whether it is
warehousing or whatever, we are able to provide them. Mr. Naman Okay. Thank you. This was all from my side and best of luck for the future. Mr. Vineet Agarwal
Thank you. Ms. Simran Thank you, sir. The next question is from. Mr Raghunath. Sir, please go ahead. Mr. Raghunath Good afternoon, sir. Sir, post implementation
of GST, there was expectation that there will be a consolidation in the industry wherein the smaller players will exit. So, is that still playing out? 10 Mr.
Vineet Agarwal Slowly, not too fast, but yes, slowly it is happening. Mr. Raghunath Okay. Thank you, sir. Ms. Simran Thank you, sir. The next question is from
Mr. Prateek. Sir, please go ahead. Mr. Prateek Yes, sir. Good afternoon. Sir, one on straight, I mean, what has to happen or what is happening that giving us a
confidence that margins kind of come back next year? Is it just LTL which will drive this or do you see on ground, I mean, either the competition or SME segment
kind of coming back? Mr. Vineet Agarwal I think it is a combination of many things. You are right that some of it will be driven by LTL growth and that LTL
growth is also because of MSME growth. Some aspect of pickup should happen, as I said, capacity expansion will only start when there is capacity utilization
remains at a higher level. So, yes, some of it is that. I think the consumption story that we all want to be kick-started, hopefully, some of that will also
come through, which means a trickle-down effect of that. Infrastructure spending by the government should continue at the same pace and I think the next year's
budget should also keep pushing that agenda. And that means there is a very high degree of movement that happens towards infrastructure-related companies,
especially engineering companies and electronics, etc. So, those will drive a certain growth. So, yes, I think overall there are lots of tailwinds that should
help us in terms of overall growth. Mr. Prateek Correct. And in the last few quarters, maybe a year or two, we were investing a lot in terms of branches, etc.
to capture more of LTL. That, I believe, is yet to ramp up and play out. Mr. Vineet Agarwal No, we did about 40-ish branches last year. This year has been a
little slow, but I think it will start ramping up more towards, I would say, next year. Mr. Prateek Correct. And just one clarification on Seaways, you've
mentioned we'd also have to retire some capacity next year. I mean, by... 11 Mr. Vineet Agarwal No, not next year. It was supposed to be next year, but it has
been extended by the government. Mr. Prateek Extended by how much? Sorry. Mr. Vineet Agarwal I think by three or four years. Okay. Three years, right, Ashish?
Mr. Ashish Tiwari Sorry. Yes, 2028. Mr. Prateek Okay, fair enough. Thanks. Thank you. Ms. Simran Thank you, sir. We have the next question from Mr. Divyansh.
Sir, please proceed with your question. Mr. Divyansh, are you there? Mr. Divyansh Yeah. Hey, Vinit, can you hear me? Yes, hi, we can. Yeah. Hey, a couple of
questions. I joined a bit late. So, with the GST announcement, at least what came in media is that the OEM stopped shipping the vehicles to the dealers because
their GST structure, they wanted to optimize on it. So, the question is that, did that lead to, let's say, more revenue in our SCS business because we were
storing the vehicles in the yards? Is there any linkage to that which, let's say, drove revenue in the SCS division for us in this quarter? Mr. Vineet Agarwal
See, we do not make that much money or that much revenues if the vehicles are just standing in the yard. Obviously, the movements help us to drive revenue
growth. So, yes, the stockyards increased in the last three, four months because capacity that was being produced and inventory needed to be kept in different
places, which we did maintain. And some revenues did, we did derive some of that, but it was not significant enough to say that this was the uptick. The uptick
is because of the movements. As you saw, the number of rakes that we were able to load, I mean, at some point, we are loading four rakes a day, four, five rakes
a day across the country. It was that kind of, no, in fact, in the last week of September, we loaded almost seven, eight rakes a day. That kind of movement was
happening for us. So, it is not because of just the warehouse storage. Mr. Divyansh Yeah, got it. And just this, let's say, how has been, let's say, this Diwali
season has the, because now, let's say, given 22nd September was the cutoff date and then Diwali demand and everything, which would 12 have spilled over post
30th September. So, any, let's say, insight that you can give on this quarter, how has it been both on, let's say, freight because of SME business, getting any
upshot or anything on the auto business? Mr. Vineet Agarwal As I said, this has continued till October also, but we do not see that kind of movement in
November, perhaps a little bit in December, simply because it is the end of the financial year for several MNCs. It's also the end of, then March is better
because it's a financial year for Indian companies. So, I think overall, net-net, we do not think that the kind of jump in volumes we saw will get repeated very
soon, not till March. However, the sentiment has changed to some extent, and that should help the MSME etc. growth that you talked about. Mr. Divyansh Got it.
And just the last question, we were planning to get an approval for SUV, AFTO or train rakes. Not sure if anything was mentioned, but I haven't, but in the
last, let's say, 2-3 con calls, nothing has been mentioned, just wanted to check on that. Mr. Vineet Agarwal We did place an order, I think we mentioned in the
last quarter call that we placed an order for two such rakes that will get delivered at the end of next year. Mr. Divyansh The next financial year or? Mr.
Vineet Agarwal End of, I think it's next. Next financial year. Mr. Divyansh Yeah. Mr. Ashish Tiwari FY27. Yeah. Let's say mid of FY27. Mr. Divyansh Got, got,
understood. Yeah, that's it. Thank you and all the best. Mr. Ashish Tiwari Thank you. Ms. Simran Thank you, sir. We have no further questions. We can wait for
some time as the management suggests. 13 Mr. Ashish Tiwari Yeah, we can wait for some minutes, maybe a minute or two. Ms. Simran Mr. Divyansh is back with us.
Sir, please go ahead. Mr. Divyansh Yeah. Hey, just one question on the TCI Concor business. Just wanted to understand how does it work? So, Concor will get the
business or TCI generates the business and let's say uses Concor for a, how does a, let's say sale cycle or revenue generation happen there? Mr. Vineet Agarwal
Yeah, exactly what you said in terms of the business is generated by TCI. And of course, sometimes we take the help of Concor also, but, and then we use the
service, the infrastructure of Concor, whether it is the rakes or whether it is the terminals to, to fulfill the customer contract. Sometimes the containers
don't even need to come to the terminals. It could be picked up from the factory of the customer and delivered to their customer, to their factory directly via
trains. Or then, or sometimes it's a first mile, last mile element into some of the contracts. And sometimes we do only piecemill also. It could be two
containers, five containers and things like that also. So, so there is a multiple types of models that we operate in the joint venture. Mr. Divyansh So, when
you said that, let's say that container, that Adani's entry is affecting, it was for Concor business, right? Mr. Vineet Agarwal Exactly. Yeah. Mr. Divyansh But
then if TCI generates the business, it can also use Adani as a. Mr. Vineet Agarwal No, we cannot ask for the joint venture. We, we are, since it's a joint
venture with our own, with Concor, who is an asset owner, we are, we will work. Mr. Divyansh Can we do it in the SCS business? That was my question. Maybe not
Concor, but. So we are bound to use either Concor or no one else, something like that. 14 Mr. Vineet Agarwal Right of first refusal with Concor. Mr. Divyansh
Got it. And then, so how do you see this playing out? Let's say a private player typically is more efficient than a government player. Do you see any headwind
coming? Because you are saying that, let's say reaching 12% through subsidiaries growth. And if Concor is facing competition from, let's say Adani's of the
world. So how can we, is there a plan to counter that thing? Mr. Vineet Agarwal Well, you know, Concor itself is helping us counter that with their strategies
in terms of pricing or in terms of the availability of certain terminals. And of course, you know, customers also like us because we provide an end-to-end
solution. So there are, there are, we have a US piece. So I think we are continuously working on that. There will be some pressures and also there are certain
niches, you know, each company works on different areas and not necessarily on every area. So some things we do better, some things somebody else does better.
Mr. Divyansh Got it. Got it. Understood. Thank you. Ms. Simran Thank you, sir. The next question is from Mr. Jainam. Sir, please go ahead. Mr. Jainam Yeah. Hi,
good afternoon. Hope I am audible. Mr. Vineet Agarwal Yes. Yes, please go ahead. Mr. Jainam Yeah. So this question relates to the supply chain segment. What we
are seeing is that over last three, four years, our growth has been in mid-team. Now it has also crossed, you can say, 30% in this quarter, of course, with the
GST impact. However, our margins has been steadily coming down from six and a half to five and a half percent kind of a thing at that bit level on the console
part. Of course, the capacity addition might be, you can say, having some cost versus no revenue recognition. By what we can, by when we can expect margin to
rebound or is it the new normal to look at this five and a half or six percent kind of a margin? 15 Mr. Ashish Tiwari I think it's also including the cold
chain, Jainam. So while the standalone margins are okay, they are constant and stable. Consolidated margin have a cold chain impact where we do have investment
last year. So probably their average margins are a little bit under pressure. Mr. Jainam Got it. Thank you so much. Ms. Simran Thank you, sir. There are no
further questions. Now I'm handing over the floor to Mr. Ashish Tiwari for his closing comment. Mr. Ashish Tiwari Thank you, Simran, and thank you, everyone,
for joining today out of your busy schedule. I know that it's quite hectic for you to join the call. There are various calls. I hope that we have answered all
your questions. In case you have any further questions, please write us to email ID, which is given on the investor call. Our next call would be next year for
quarter three. So I want to wish you a very happy new year in advance and Merry Christmas. Thank you. Thank you. Best wishes.